This  is  a  digital  copy  of  a  book  that  was  preserved  for  generations  on  library  shelves  before  it  was  carefully  scanned  by  Google  as  part  of  a  project 
to  make  the  world's  books  discoverable  online. 

It  has  survived  long  enough  for  the  copyright  to  expire  and  the  book  to  enter  the  public  domain.  A  public  domain  book  is  one  that  was  never  subject 
to  copyright  or  whose  legal  copyright  term  has  expired.  Whether  a  book  is  in  the  public  domain  may  vary  country  to  country.  Public  domain  books 
are  our  gateways  to  the  past,  representing  a  wealth  of  history,  culture  and  knowledge  that's  often  difficult  to  discover. 

Marks,  notations  and  other  marginalia  present  in  the  original  volume  will  appear  in  this  file  -  a  reminder  of  this  book's  long  journey  from  the 
publisher  to  a  library  and  finally  to  you. 

Usage  guidelines 

Google  is  proud  to  partner  with  libraries  to  digitize  public  domain  materials  and  make  them  widely  accessible.  Public  domain  books  belong  to  the 
public  and  we  are  merely  their  custodians.  Nevertheless,  this  work  is  expensive,  so  in  order  to  keep  providing  this  resource,  we  have  taken  steps  to 
prevent  abuse  by  commercial  parties,  including  placing  technical  restrictions  on  automated  querying. 

We  also  ask  that  you: 

+  Make  non-commercial  use  of  the  files  We  designed  Google  Book  Search  for  use  by  individuals,  and  we  request  that  you  use  these  files  for 
personal,  non-commercial  purposes. 

+  Refrain  from  automated  querying  Do  not  send  automated  queries  of  any  sort  to  Google's  system:  If  you  are  conducting  research  on  machine 
translation,  optical  character  recognition  or  other  areas  where  access  to  a  large  amount  of  text  is  helpful,  please  contact  us.  We  encourage  the 
use  of  public  domain  materials  for  these  purposes  and  may  be  able  to  help. 

+  Maintain  attribution  The  Google  "watermark"  you  see  on  each  file  is  essential  for  informing  people  about  this  project  and  helping  them  find 
additional  materials  through  Google  Book  Search.  Please  do  not  remove  it. 

+  Keep  it  legal  Whatever  your  use,  remember  that  you  are  responsible  for  ensuring  that  what  you  are  doing  is  legal.  Do  not  assume  that  just 
because  we  believe  a  book  is  in  the  public  domain  for  users  in  the  United  States,  that  the  work  is  also  in  the  public  domain  for  users  in  other 
countries.  Whether  a  book  is  still  in  copyright  varies  from  country  to  country,  and  we  can't  offer  guidance  on  whether  any  specific  use  of 
any  specific  book  is  allowed.  Please  do  not  assume  that  a  book's  appearance  in  Google  Book  Search  means  it  can  be  used  in  any  manner 
anywhere  in  the  world.  Copyright  infringement  liability  can  be  quite  severe. 

About  Google  Book  Search 

Google's  mission  is  to  organize  the  world's  information  and  to  make  it  universally  accessible  and  useful.  Google  Book  Search  helps  readers 
discover  the  world's  books  while  helping  authors  and  publishers  reach  new  audiences.  You  can  search  through  the  full  text  of  this  book  on  the  web 


at|http  :  //books  .  google  .  com/ 


A«v.«  ,v.  ■-  ■>.  ..;./   .•■;-■•■■.■,•  ■      •....■-. 


tl\-  :''r' 

«(«8SJ*v 


>'-' 


P  O  C  KET     MANUAL 

OF 

HOMOEOPATHIC 
MATERIA    MEDICA 

COMPRISING 

THE    CHARACTERISTIC     AND    GUIDING 
SYMPTOMS    OF    ALL    REMEDIES 

,W.r  

WILLIAM '.JOERICRE,    M.D. 

Professor  of  Materia  Medica  and  Therapeutics  at  the  Hahnemann 

Hospital  College  of  San  Francisco :  Author  of  "A  Compend 

of  the  Principles  of  Homcftopathy";  Associate  Author 

of  "The  Twelve  Tissue  Remedies":  Etc.,  Etc. 


THIRD     EDITION 

RKVISED  AND  ENLARGED 
WITH  THE  ADDITIC  OF  A  REPERTORY  BY 

OSCAR  E.  BOERICKE,  A.B.;M.D. 

lecturer  on  Materia  Medica  and  Sub-Clinician  of  Therapeutics 
at  the  Hahnemann  Medical  College  of  Philadelphia 

PUBLISHED  BY 

BOERICKE   &    RUNYON 

NEW  YORK 

1906 

WHE  UBRARY.  sta::fo:d  m^ess 


\t)L 


PREFACE    TO    THE    THIRD    EDITION 


The  kindly  reception  accorded  the  first  two  edi- 
tions of  this  Pocket  Manual  of  Materia  Medica  has 
encouraged  me  to  thoroughly  revise  the  whole  work, 
in  which  1  availed  myself  of  all  verifications  pub- 
lished since  the  second  edition  was  issued,  1  have 
also  added  all  new  remedies  Introduced  since  then. 
The  whole  book  in  its  present  form  is  a  complete 
Pocket  Encyclopjedia  of  homceopathic  Materia 
Medica. 

It  is  with  much  pleasure  that  I  call  attention  to 
the  fact  that  this  edition  is  enriched  by  a  reper- 
tory, prepared  by  Dr.  Oscar  E.  Boericke,  whose  thor- 
ough and  critical  study  of  Materia  Medica  ensures 
the  production  of  a  valuable  and  practical  labor- 
saving  device  and  index  to  the  symptomatology  of 
this  book. 

It  is  intended  to  be,  and  I  think  has  proved  itself 
to  b€.  a  practical  book  and  a  time  saver  to  the  pre- 
scribeft  and  is  complete  in  giving  everything  essen- 
tial in  pure  and  verified  Materia  Medica.  Imper- 
fcctly  proved  remedies  necessitate  the  use  of  names 
of  diseases  at  times  instead  of  the  component  symp- 
toms that  alone  are  the  legitimate  guide  to  the 
choice  of  the  indicated  remedy.  I  have  the  high 
authority  of  Hering  himself  for  the  legitimacy  of 
this  method,  which  he  has  followed  in  his  Guiding 
Symptoms.  Speaking  of  it,  Hering  once  told  me 
that  he  used  the  disease  designations  in  his  Materia 
Medica  not  for  the  purpose  of  recofnmeftding  the  par- 


IV  PREFACE    TO    THE   THIRD    EDITION. 

ticular  remedy  for  that  disease,  but  to  show  the  great 
variety  of  remedies  that  can  be  used  for  any  one 
form  of  disease  when  otherwise  indicated.  For  the 
same  reason  I  have  included  nosological  terms  in 
the  symptomatology,  as  this  is  a  practical  hand- 
book for  everyday  service,  and  anything  that  will 
certainly  aid  in  finding  the  curative  remedy  I  con- 
sider a  legitimate  guiding  symptom.  As  Dr.  J. 
Crompton  Burnett  expresses  it :  "The  fact  is  we  need 
any  and  every  way  of  finding  the  right  remedy ;  the 
simple  *  simile,  the  simple  symptomatic  similimum, 
and  the  farthest  reach  of  all — the  pathologic  simil- 
imum ;  and  I  maintain  that  we  are  still  well  within 
the  lines  of  the  Homoeopathy  that  is  expansive, 
progressive,  science-fostered,  science-fostering,  and 
world-conquering .  *  * 

WILLIAM    BOERICKR,    M.D. 

San  Francisco,  1906. 


PREFACE  TO  THE  SECOND  EDITION 


The  second  edition  of  this  work  has  been  brought 
up  to  date,  incorporating  all  homoeopathic  remedies 
introduced  since  the  publication  of  the  first  edition 
and  such  as  had  been  inadvertently  left  out. 

It  includes  many  verifications  that  have  been 
brought  to  the  author's  notice  by  practitioners  in 
many  lands,  all  that  have  been  found  recorded  in 
the  leading  homoeopathic  journals  and  works  on 
practice.  I  have  also  availed  myself  in  the  prep- 
aration of  this  edition  of  Dr.  Clark's  invaluable 
Dictionary  of  Materia  Medica— a  monumental  work. 

I  am  again  under  special  obligation  to  Professor 
Jas.  W.  Ward  for  many  verifications  and  additions, 
and  I  also  desire  to  make  appreciative  acknowledg- 
ment to  Dr.  P.  Rice,  Lecturer  on  Rhinology  and 
Otology  at  the  Hahnemann  Hospital  College  of  the 
Pacific,  for  his  revision  of  the  symptoms  of  the  eye 
and  ear.  The  addition  of  a  Therapeutic  Index  and 
a  complete  List  of  Remedies  will  materially  aid  to 
make  this  edition  a  more  practical  hand-book  and 
companion  in  the  daily  work  of  the  practitioner  of 
Homoeopathy. 

WILLIAM  BOERICKE,  M.  D. 

November,  1903. 


PREFACE  TO  THE  FIRST  EDITION, 


For  many  years  the  author  has  felt  the  need  of  a 
pocket  edition  of  our  Materia  Medica,  containing  the 
characteristic  and  cardinal  symptoms  of  all  our 
known  remedies^  arranged  according^  to  the  Hahne- 
mannian  Schema  for  ready  reference.  I  herewith 
offer  the  profession  an  attempt  to  supply  this  need, 
of  a  handy  muUuyn  in  parvo  edition,  to  be  used  at 
the  bedside  or  consulted  while  making  the  daily 
rounds. 

This  work  contains  the  wel] -known  verified  char- 
acteristics of  ahnost  every  drug,  besides  other  less 
important  symptoms  essential  for  the  selection  of 
the  curative  remedy,  and  thus  it  supplements  every 
other  work  on  Materia  Medica.  In  its  present  com- 
pact form  it  contains  the  maximum  number  of 
reliable  Materia  Medica  facts  in  the  minimum  space. 
It  is,  therefore,  an  epitome  of  the  whole  Homoeo- 
pathic Materia  Medica,  brought  up  to  date  by 
including  the  scattered  verifications  found  in  our 
journalistic  literature. 

My  part  of  the  work  has  been  raainly  selective  and 
detective,  in  the  endeavor  to  compile  as  accurate  and 
practical  a  book  as  posstblen  guided,  however,  by  the 
experience  of  over  t went 3^  years  as  a  general  prac- 
titioner and  a  teacher  of  Materia  Medica. 

The  dosage  needs  some  apology,  It  is,  of  course, 
suggestive  only;  more  often  to  be  wholly  disregard- 
ed. 1  have  followed  the  lines  of  the  earHer  Homcieop- 
athists  in  this  regard,  and  given  what  was  theti 


Vlll  PREFACE    TO    THE     FIRST    EDITION. 

considered  the  usual  range  of  potency,  to  which  I 
have  added  my  own  experience  and  that  of  many 
observing  practitioners.  As  a  teacher  of  Materia 
Medica,  I  am  constantly  importuned  by  students  to 
suggest  the  potency, — something  to  start  them  with, 
at  least. 

The  female  symptoms  throughout  have  been  criti- 
cally examined  and  enriched  by  Professor  Jas.  W. 
Ward,  the  eminent  gynaecologist  and  practitioner  of 
wide  experience.  This -adds  much  to  the  practical 
value  of  the  book,  and  I  hereby  desire  to  acknowl- 
edge iny  indebtedness  to  Dr.  Ward  for  this  impor- 
tant aid  and  other  valuable  hints  and  suggestions. 

If  students  and  younger  practitioners  could  be 
encouraged  to  make  use  of  this  skeleton  of  drug 
action,  and  note  the  verifications  occurring  in  their 
practice  and  gradually  enlarge  the  symptomatology 
by  further  study  and  observation,  a  most  useful  and 
practical  work  would  soon  be  theirs.  A  general 
Index  and  Repertory  is  in  preparation,  and  will  be 
published  as  a  companion  volume. 

WILLIAM  BOERICKE,    M.    D. 

San  Francisco,  May,   1901. 


HOMCEOPATHIC 
MATERIA     MEDICA, 


ABIES  CAI^ADErrSIS. 
(Hemlock  Spruce,) 

The  gastric  symptoms  are  most  marked,  and  a 
catarrhal  condition  of  tlie  stomach  is  produced. 
There  are  peculiar  cravings  and  chilly  sensations 
that  are  very  characteristic,  especially  for  women 
with  titerine  displacement.  Right  lung  and  liver 
feel  small  and  hard.     Gleet. 

Head* — Feels  light-headed,  tipsy. 

Stomach.^-Canine  hunger  with  torpid  liver. 
Gnawing,  hungry^  faint  feeling  at  the  epigastrium. 
Great  appetite,  craving  for  meat,  pickles,  radishes, 
turnips,  artichokes,  coarse  food.  Tendency  to  eat 
far  beyond  capacity  for  digesstion. 

Burning  and  disteniimi  of  stomach  and  abdomen, 
w^h  palpitation.  Pain  in  right  shoulder- blade,  and 
constipation,  with  burmng  in  rectum. 

Female. — Sore  feeling  at  fundus  of  uterus,  re- 
lieved by  pressure.  Prostration;  wants  to  lie  down 
all  the  time.     Thinks  womb  is  soft  and  feeble. 

Fever. — Cold  shiverings,  as  if  blood  were  ice- 
water.  [Aeon.}  Chills  run  down  back.  Cold-water 
feeling  betwee'h  shoulders,     [Ammon.  mur,]     Skin 


"IK      F 


2  ABIES    CANADENSIS ABIES    NIGRA. 

clammy  and   sticky.     Night-sweat.    [Agar.;  Acet. 
ac.] 

Relationship. — Compare:  Ignaiia;  Sepia;   Thuja. 

Dose. — ^Tincture,  to  third  potency. 

ABIES  NIGRA. 
(Black  Spruce.) 

This  is  a  powerful  and  long-acting  remedy,  capa- 
ble of  useful  service  in  various  forms  of  disease, 
whenever  the  characteristic  stomach  symptoms  are 
present.  Most  of  the  symptoms  are  associated  with 
the  gastric  disturbances.  In  dyspeptic  troubles  of 
the  aged,  with  functional  heart  symptoms;  abuse  of 
tea  and  coffee.     Constipation. 

Mind. — Low-spirited.  Dull  during  the  day,  wake- 
ful at  night.     Unable  to  think. 

Stomach. — Sensation  of  a  lump  that  hurts,  as 
if  a  hard-boiled  egg  had  lodged  in  the  cardiac  end 
of  stomach;  continual  distressing  constriction  just 
above  the  pit  of  the  stomach,  as  if  everything  were 
knotted  up.  Total  loss  of  appetite  in  morning,  but 
great  craving  for  food  at  noon  and  night.  Offensive 
breath.     Eructations.     [Carbo;  Arg.  nit.] 

Chest. — Painful  sensation,  as  if  something  were 
lodged  in  the  chest  and  had  to  be  coughed  up; 
worse  coughing;  waterbrash  succeeds  cough.  Chok- 
ing sensation  in  throat.     Dyspnoea. 

Heart. — Sharp,  cutting  pain  in  heart;  heart* s  ac- 
tion heavy  and  slow;    tachycardia,  bradycardia. 

Back. — Pain  in  small  of  back.  Rheumatic  pains 
and  aching  in  bones. 

Sleep. — Wakeful  and  restless  at  nights,  with 
hunger.     Bad  dreams. 


A  BIBS   NIGRA ABROTANUM.  3 

Fever, — Alternate  heat  and  cold;    citxoiiic  inter- 
mittent fever,  with  pain  in  stomach. 
Modalities.^ Worse  after  eating. 
Relations  hip.  ^-Compare:   Bry,;  Nux;    KaHcarb. 
Dose. — First  to  thirtieth  potency. 


I 


ABROTAHUM. 

(Southernwood.} 

A  very  useful  remedy  in  marasmus.  Emaciation ^ 
yet  with  good  appetite.  Rheumatism  following 
checked  diarrhoea.  Metastasis.  Ill  effects  of  sup- 
pressed conditions,  especially  in  gouty  subjects. 
Tuberculous  pertioniiis.  Exudative  pleurisy  and 
other  exudative  processes. 

Mind. — Cross,  irritable,  anxious,  depressed. 

Face. — Wrinkled,  cold,  dry,  pale.  Blue  rings 
around  dull -looking  eyes.  Comedones,  with  ema- 
ciation.    Nosebleed.     [Arn;  Melil,  Bry.] 

Stomach. — Slimy  taste.  Appetite  good,  but 
emaciation  progresses.  Food  passes  undigested. 
Pain  in  stomach;  worse  at  night;  cutting,  gnawing 
pain.  Stomach  feels  as  if  swimming  in  water; 
feels  cold.     Gnawing  hunger  and  whining. 

Abdomen* — Hard  lumps  in  abdomen.  Distended. 
Alternate  diarrhoea  and  constipation,  HEemor- 
rhoids:  frequent  urging;  bloody  stools;  worse  as 
rheumatic  pains  abate.  Ascarides»  Oozing  from 
umbilicus. 

Respiratory .^Raw  feeling.  Impeded  respiration. 
Dry  cough  following  diarrhcea.  Pain  across  chest; 
eev^e  in  region  of  heart. 

Back^ — Neck  so  weak  caimot  hold  head  up.    Back 


4  ABROTANUM ABSINTHIUM. 

lame,  weak,  and  painful.  Pain  in  lumbar  region 
extending  along  spermatic  cord.  Pain  in  sacrum, 
with  haemorrhoids. 

Extremities. — Pain  in  shoulders,  arms,  wrists,  and 
ankles.  Pricking  and  coldness  in  fingers  and  feet. 
Legs  greatly  emaciated.  Joints  stiff  and  lame. 
Painful  contraction  of  limbs.  [Amm.  mur.]  Itch- 
ing chilblains.     [Agaric;     Tamus  tincture.] 

Skin. — Eruptions  come  out  on  face;  are  sup- 
pressed, and  the  skin  becomes  purplish.  Skin 
flabby  and  loose.  Furuncles.  Falling  out  of  hair. 
t  Relationship. — Compare:  Bryonia,  Benzoic  acid, 
in  gout.     Iodine,  Natr.  mur.  in  marasmus. 

Dose. — ^Third  to  thirtieth  potency. 

ABSINTHIUM. 
(Common  Wormwood.) 

A  perfect  picture  of  epilepsy  is  produced  by  this 
drug.  Nervous  tremors  precede  attack.  Cerebral 
irritation,  hysterical  and  infantile  spasms  come 
within  the  range  of  this  remedy.  Poisoning  by 
mushrooms.  Chorea.  Tremor.  Giddiness.  Ner- 
vousness, excitement  and  sleeplessness  in  children. 

Mind. — Hallucinations.  Frightful  visions.  Klep- 
tomania. Loss  of  memory.  Wants  nothing  to  do 
with  anybody.     Brutal. 

Head. — Vertigo^  with  tendency  to  fall  backward. 
General  confusion.  Wants  head  low.  Pupils  di- 
lated unequally.  Face  blue.  Spasmodic  facial 
twitching.     Dull  occipital  headache. 

Mouth. — ^Jaws  fixed.  Bites  tongue;  trembles; 
feels  as  if  swollen  and  too  large;   protruding. 


ABSINTHIUM^ACALYPHA   INDICA.  5 

Throat. — -Bcalded  sensation;    as  of  a  lump. 

Stomach. — Nausea;  retching;  eructation.  Bloat- 
ed around  waist  and  abdomen.     Wind  colic* 

Urine. — Constant  desire.  Very  strong  odor; 
deep  yellow  color.     [Kali  pkos.] 

Sexual. — Darting  pain  in  right  ovary,  Sperma- 
torrhoea,  with  relaxed  parts. 

Chest. — Sensation  of  weight  on  chest.  Irregular, 
tviniultuous  action  of  heart  can  be  heard  in  back. 

Relationship. — Compare :  Alcohol;  Aj^emisia; 
Hydrocy.  acid;   Cina. 

Dose.^ — ^First  to  sixth  potency. 

ACALYPHA     UTDICA. 

(Indian  Nettle.) 

A  drug  having  a  marked  action  on  the  alimeotary 
canal  and  respiratory  organs.  It  is  indicated  in  in- 
cipient phthisis,  with  hard^  racking  cough,  bloody 
expectoration,  arterial  hsemorrhage,  but  no  febrile 
distiirhance.  Very  weak  in  the  mortiingj  gains 
strength  during  day.     Progressive  emaciation. 

Chest» — Cough ^  dry^  hard,  followed  by  hi^moptysis; 
worse  in  morning  and  at  night.  Constant  and  se- 
vere pain  in  chest.  Blood  bright  red  and  not  pro- 
fuse in  morning;  dark  and  clotted  in  afternoon. 
Pulse  soft  and  compressible. 

Gastric— ^Burning  in  pharynx,  oesophagus,  stom- 
ach, and  intestines.  Spluttering  diarrlusa  wttk  for- 
e^le  expulsion  of  noisy  flatus^  bearing-down  pains, 
and  tenesmus.  Rumbhng^  distention,  and  griping 
pain  Jin  abdomen.  Rectal  haemorrhage;  worse  in 
morning  ♦ 


6  ACALYPHA    INDICA ACETIC   ACID. 

Skin. — ^Jaundice.  Itching  and  circtunscribed 
furuncle-like  swellings. 

Modalities. — Worse  in  morning. 

Relationship. — Compare:  MUlefol.;  Phosphor.; 
Acetic  acid;    Kali  nit. 

Dose. — Sixth  to  twelfth  potency. 

ACETIC     ACm. 
(Glacial  Acetic  Acid.) 

This  drug  produces  a  condition  of  profound 
anaemia,  with  some  dropsical  symptoms,  great  de- 
bility, frequent  fainting,  dyspnoea,  weak  heart, 
vomiting,  profuse  urination  and  sweat.  Haem- 
orrhage from  any  part.  Especially  indicated  in 
pale,  lean  persons,  with  lax,  flabby  muscles.  W cast- 
ing and  debility. 

Mind. — Irritable;    worried  about  business  affairs. 

Head. — Nervous  heacjache,  from  abuse  of  nar- 
cotics. Blood  rushes  to  head  with  deliriiun.  Tem- 
poral vessels  distended.     Pain  across  root  of  tongue. 

Face. — Pale,  waxen,  emaciated.  Eyes  sunken, 
surrounded  by  dark  rings.     Bright  red.     Sweaty. 

Stomach. — Intense  burning  thirst.  Cold  drinks 
distress.  Vomits  after  every  kind  of  food.  Epi- 
gastric tenderness.  Biiming  pain  as  of  an  ulcer. 
Sour  belching  and  vomiting.  Burning  waterbrash 
and  profuse  salivation. 

Abdomen. — Feels  as  if  abdomen  was  sinking  in. 
Frequent  watery  stools,  worse  in  morning.  Tym- 
panitic.    Ascites.     Haemorrhage  from  bowels. 

Urine. — Large  quantities  of  pale  urine.  Dia- 
betes, with  great  thirst  and  debility.     [Phos.  ac.] 


ACETIC    ACID. 


Female.^ — Excessive  catamenia*  Haemorrhages 
after  labor.  Nausea  of  pregnancy.  Breasts  pain- 
fully etdarged,  distended  with  milk*  Milk  impov- 
erished, bluish,  transparent,  sotir.  Anaemia  of 
nursing^  mothers. 

Respiratory. — Hoarse,  hissing  respiration;  difft^ 
cult  breathing;  cough  when  inhaling.  Membranous 
croup.  Irritation  of  trachea  and  bronchial  tubes. 
False  membrane  in  throat. 

Back. — Pain  in  back,  relieved  only  by  lying  on 
abdomreft. 

Ertremities. — Emaciation.  CEdema  of  feet  and 
legs. 

Skin. — 'Pale,  waxen,  cBdematous,  Burning,  dry^ 
hot  skin,  or  bathed  in  profuse  sweat.  Diminished 
sensibility  of  the  surface  of  body.  Useful  after 
stings,  bites,  etc.  Varicose  swellings.  Scurvy; 
afiasarca.     Bruises;    sprains. 

Fever,—  Hectic,  with  drenching  night  sweats.  Red 
spot  on  left  cheek.  No  thirst  in  fever.  Ebullitions, 
Sweat  profuse^  cold. 

Relatioiiship. — ^Acetic  acid  is  antidotal  to  all  an- 
esthetic vapors.     Counteracts  sausage  poisoning. 

Compare:  Ammon.  acet,  (Profuse  saccharine 
urine,  patient  is  bathed  in  sweat.)  Ars.;  China; 
Digitalis;   Liatris  (dropsy  and  chronic  diarrhoea)* 

Dose^^Third  to  thirtieth  potency.  Not  to  be 
repeated  too  often,  except  in  croup. 


■ 


8  ACONITUM    NAPELLUS. 

ACONITUM    NAPELLUS. 
(Monkshood.) 

A  state  of  "fear,  anxiety,  anguish  of  mind  and  body. 
Physical  and  mental  restlessness  is  the  most  charac- 
teristic manifestation  of  Aconite.  Acute,  sudden, 
and  violent  invasion,  wtth  fever,  call  for  it.  Com- 
plaints caused  by  exposure  to  dry,  cold  weather, 
draughts  of  cold  air,  checked  perspiration,  etc.  First 
remedy  in  inflammations,  inflammatory  fevers. 
Burning  in  internal  parts ;   tingling  and  numbness. 

Mind. — Great  fear,  anxiety,  and  worry  accompany 
every  ailment,  however  trivial.  Forebodings  and 
fears.  Fears  death,  but  believes  that  he  will  soon 
die;  predicts  the  day.  Fears  the  future,  a  crowd 
crossing  the  street.  Restlessness,  tossing  about. 
Tendency  to  start.  Imagination  acute,  clairvoy- 
ance. Pains  are  intolerable ;  they  drive  him  crazy. 
Music  is  unbearable;  makes  her  sad.     [Ambra] 

Head. — Fullness;  heavy,  pulsating,  hot,  bursting, 
burning,  undulating  sensation.  Vertigo;  worse  on 
rising  and  shaking  head.  Sensation  on  vertex  as  if 
hair  were  pulled. 

Eyes. — Red,  inflamed.  Feel  dry  and  hot,  as  if 
sand  in  them.  Lids  swollen,  hard,  and  red.  Aver- 
sion to  light.  Profuse  watering  after  exposure  to 
dry,  cold  winds,  reflection  from  snow,  after  extraction 
of  cinders  and  other  foreign  bodies. 

Ears. — ^Very  sensitive  to  noises;  music  is  unbear- 
able. External  ear  hot,  red,  painful,  swollen.  Ear- 
ache.    [Cham.] 

Nose. — Smell  acutely  sensitive.  Pain  at  root  of 
nose.     Coryza;    much  sneezing;    throbbing  in  nos- 


ACONITUM   NAPELLUS.  Q 

tiils.  Hsemorrhage  of  bright  red  blood.  Mticous 
tnefnbrane  dry;  nose  siopped  tirp;  dry  or  mih  but 
scanty  watery  €oryza. 

Face. — Red,  hot,  flushed,  swollen.  On  rising  the 
red  face  becomes  deathly  pale.  Tingling  in  cheeks 
and  numbness.,  Neuralgia,  especially  of  left  side, 
miik  restlessness t  tingling,  and  numbness. 

Mouth, — Nnmb,  dry,  and  tingling.  Tongue  swol- 
ler* ;  tip  tingles.  Teeth  sensitive  to  cold.  Constantly 
moves  lower  jaw  as  if  chewing.  Gums  hot  and  in- 
fiamed.     Tongue  coated  white,     [Antim-  criui.\ 

Throat,  = — Red^  dry^  constricted,  numb,  prickling 
burning,    sttnging.     Tonsils   swollen   and   dry. 

Stomach. — Bitter  taste  of  ever3d:hing  except  wa- 
ter. Intense  thirst.  Drinks,  vomit s,  and  declares 
he  will  die.  Vomiting,  bihous,  mucous  and  blood y» 
greenish.  Pressure  in  stomach,  with  dyspnoea.  Hjcm- 
atemesis.     Burning  from  stomach  to  oesophagus. 

Abdomen. — Hot,  tense,  tympanitic.  Sensitive  to 
touch.     Colic;    no  position  relieves. 

StooL — Frequent,  small,  with  tenesmus;  green, 
like  chopped  herbs.  White,  with  red  lu-ine.  Choler- 
aic discharges,  with  collapse,  anxiety,  and  rest- 
lessness*    Bleeding  haemorrhoids.     [liamam] 

Urine. ^ — Scanty,  red^  hot,  painful.  Tenesmus  and 
burning  at  neck  of  bladder.  Burning  in  urethra. 
Urine  suppresised,  bloody.  Anxiety  always  on  be- 
gin nirtg  to  urinate.  Retention,  wilh  screaming  and 
restlessness  atid  handling  of  genitals.  Renal  region 
sensitive* 

Male* — Crawling  and  stinging  in  glans.  Bruised 
pitin  in  testicles,  swollen,  hard*  Frequent  erections 
aiid  emissions.  " — -^ 


lO  ACONITUM    NAPELLUS. 

Female. — ^Vagina  dry,  hot,  sensitive.  Menses 
too  profuse,  too  protracted,  late.  Frenzy  on  ap- 
pearance of  menses.  Suppressed  from  fright ^  cold,  in 
plethoric  subjects.  Ovaries  congested  and  painful. 
Sharp  shooting  pains  in  womb.  After-pains,  w-ith 
fear  and  restlessness. 

Respiratory. —  Hoarse,  dry  croupy  cough;  loud 
labored  breathing.  Child  grasps  at  throat  every 
time  he  coughs.  Very  sensitive  to  inspired  air. 
Shortness  of  breath.  Larynx  sensitive.  Stitches 
through  chest.  Cough,  dry,  short,  hacking;  worse 
at  night  and  after  midnight.  Hot  feeling  in  iungs. 
Blood  comes  up  with  hawking. 

Heart. — Palpitation,  with  anxiety,  fainting,  and 
tingling  in  fingers.  Pulse  full,  hard;  tense  and  bound- 
ing; sometimes  intermits.  Temporal  and  carotid 
arteries  ^felt  when  sitting. 

Back. — Numb,  stiff,  painful.  Crawling  and  ting- 
ling as  if  bruised.  Stiffness  in  nape  of  neck.  Bruised 
pain  between  scapulae. 

Extremities. — Numbness  and  tingling;  shooting 
pains;  icy  coldness  and  insensibility  of  hands  and 
feet.  Arms  feel  lame,  bruised,  heavy,  numb.  Hot 
hands  and  cold  feet.  Rheumatic  inflammation  of 
joints;  worse  at  night;  red  shining  swelling,  very 
sensitive.  Hip-joint  and  thigh  feel  lame,  especially 
after  lying  down.  Knees  unsteady;  disposition  of 
foot  to  turn.     [JEscul.l 

Sleep. — Nightmare.  Nightly  ravings.  Anxious 
dreams.  Sleeplessness,  with  restlessness  and  tossing 
about.  Starts  up  in  sleep.  Long  dreams,  with 
anxiety  in  chest. 

Skin. — Red,   hot,   swollen,   dry,   bxirning.    Rash 


ACONITUM   NAPELLUS.  II 

like  measles.  Gooseflesh.  Formication  and  numb- 
aess*  Chilliness  and  formication  down  back.  Pru- 
ritus relieved  by  stimulants. 

Fever.— Dr;!^  heat;  red  face.  Evening  chillin^s 
soon  after  going  to  bed.  Sweat  constant.  Cold 
ufaves  pass  through  him.  Thirst  arid  restlessness 
always  present. 

Modalities. — Better  in  open  air;  worse  in  warm 
room,  in  evening  and  night ;  worse  lying  on  affected 
side^  from  music,  from  tobacco-smoke. 

Relationship. — Acids,  wine  and  coffee,  lemonade 
and  acid  fruits  modify  its  action. 

Not  indicated  in  malarial  and  low  fevers  or  hectic 
and  pyemic  conditions,  and  in  inflammations  when 
they  localize  themselves.     Sulphur  often  follows  it. 

Agrostis  acts  Eke  Aeon,  in  fever  and  inflamma- 
tions, also  Spiranihes. 

Compare:   Bellad.;  Cltant.;  Coffee;   Ferr.  phos. 

Aconitine.  (Heavy  feeling  as  of  lead;  pains  in 
supra  orbital  nerve;  ice-cold  sensations  creep  up^ 
hydrophobia  symptoms,) 

Aconitum  Lycotonum.  Swelling  of  glands ;  Hodg- 
kin's  disease.  Diarrhoea  after  eating  pork.  Itching. 
Skin  of  nose  cracked. 

Aconiium  ferox.  Rather  more  violent  in  its  ac*  i 
tions  than  A.  napelius.  It  is  more  diuretic  and  less 
antipyretic.  It  has  proved  valuable  in  cardiac 
dyspftaa^  neuralgia,  and  acute  gout.  Dyspmsa. 
Must  sit  up.  Rapid  respiration.  Anxiety,  with 
suiTocation  from  feeUng  of  paralysis  in  respiratory 
muscles.  [Cnrare;  Fhospk.]  Quebracho  (cardiac 
dyspncea). 

Dose. — Tincture,  to  thirtieth  potency.  Must  bo 
repeated  frequently  in  acute  diseases. 


12  ACTiBA   SPICATA ADONIS   VERNALIS. 

ACTiEA    SPICATA. 
(Baneberry.) 

Is  a  rheumatic  remedy,  especially  of  the  small 
joints;  tearing,  tingling  pains  characterize  it.  Wrist- 
rheumatism.  Pulsations  over  whole  body,  espe- 
cially liver  and  renal  region. 

Face. — ^Violent  pains  in  upper  jaw,  runnmg  from 
teeth  through  malar  bones  to  temples.  Perspira- 
tion on  face  and  head. 

Stomach. — ^Tearing,  darting  pains  in  epigastric 
region  with  vomiting.  Cramp-like  pains  in  stom- 
ach and  epigastrium,  with  difl&cult  breathing;  sense 
of  suffocation.     Sudden  lassitude  after  eating. 

Extremities. — ^Tearing  pains  in  loins.  Rheumatic 
pains  in  small  jotnts,  wrist,  fingers,  ankles,  toes. 
Swelling  of  joints  from  slight  fatigue.  Wrist  swollen, 
red,  worse  any  motion.  Paral)rtic  weakness  in  the 
hands.     Sudden  lassitude  after  talking  or  eating. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Cimicif.;  CauJoph.;Led, 

Dose. — ^Third  potency. 

ADONIS    VERNALIS. 
(Pheasant's  Eye.) 

A  heart  medicine,  regulating  pulse  and  increasing 
the  power  of  contractions  of  heart,  with  increased 
urinary  secretion.  Valvular  affections.  Most  val- 
uable in  cardiac  dropsy.  Low  vitality,  with  weak 
heart  and  slow,  weak  pulse.     Hydrothorax,  ascites. 

Head. — ^Feels  light;  aches  across  front,  from 
occiput  around  temples  to  eyes.  Vertigo.  Scalp  feels 
tight. 


F. 


ADONTR    VBBNAUS— AI>RKNAUN.  IJ 


Mouth. — SHmy.  Tongue  dirty  yellow,  sore^  feels 
scalded. 

Heart. — Mitral  and  aortic  regurgitation.  Prcecor- 
dial  pain^  falpilationt  and  dyspncBa,  Marked  venous 
engorgement.     Cardiac  asthma,     [Quebracho] 

Stomach. — Heavy  weight.  Gnawing  hunger. 
Faint  feeling  in  epigastrium.     Better  out  of  doors. 

Urine. — Oily  pellicle  on  urine.  Scanty,  albu* 
minous. 

Sleep. — Restless,  with  horrible  dreams. 

Extremities. — Aching  in  nape.  Spine  stiff  and 
aching. 

Relationship. — Admtidin  is  a  cardiac  tonic  and 
diuretic.  Quarter  to  half  grain  daily,  or  two  to 
five  grains  of  first  decimal  trit.  Increases  arterial 
pressure  and  prolongs  the  diastole,  favoring  empty- 
ing engorged  veins. 

Compare:    Digit.;  CreBteg.;  Conval.;  Sirophanies. 

Dose. — Five  to  ten  drops  of  the  tincture. 


ADREITALm. 
(Active  principle  of  Supra-Renal  Glands.) 

Causes  contraction  of  arterioles.  Mucous  mem- 
txranes  are  blanched.  Heart  stimulated  as  by  Digi- 
talis. Most  powerful  astringent  and  haimostatic. 
Addfson^s  disease.  Congestion  of  ethmoid  and 
sphenoidal  sinuses.  Use  warm  spray  of  Chloride  of 
Adrenalin  1:5000.  Here  compare  He  par  ix,  which 
will  start  up  secretions  and  so  facilitate  drainage. 
Glycostma.  Chrome  aortitis.  Chlorosis;  hsenla- 
phalia;    angina  pectoris. 

Dose,^ — Internally  5-30  minims  of  the  r:iooo  so- 


I 


14  ADRENALIN ^iESCULUS    HIPPOCASTANUM. 

lution.     Locally  as  a  spray  I  :io,ooo—x:xooo.     Sec- 
ond and  sixth  trittirations. 

iSSSCULUS    HIPPOCASTANUM. 
(Horse  Chestnut.) 

The  action  of  this  drug  is  most  marked  on  the 
lower  bowel,  producing  engorged  hasmorrhoidal 
veins  with  characteristic  backache.  Torpor  and 
congestion  of  the  liver  and  portal  system,  with  con- 
stipation. The  back  aches  and  gives  out,  and  tmfits 
the  patient  for  business.  Flying  pains  all  over. 
Fullness  in  various  parts;  dry,  swollen  mucous 
membranes. 

Head. — Depressed  and  irritable.  Head  dull,  con- 
fused. Pressure  in  forehead,  with  nausea.  Pain 
from  occiput  to  frontal  region,  with  bruised  sensa- 
tion of  the  scalp;  worse  in  the  morning. 

Eyes. — ^Heavy  and  hot,  with  lachr3miation,  with 
enlarged  blood  vessels.     Eyeballs  sore. 

Nose. — Coryza,  sneezing.  Pressiu-e  at  root  of 
nose.  Membrane  over  turbinate  bones  distended 
and  boggy,  dependent  upon  hepatic  disorders. 

Mouth. — Scalded  feeling.  Metallic  taste.  Sali- 
vation.    Tongue  thickly  coated,  feels  as  if  scalded. 

Throat. — Hot,  dry,  raw,  stitching  pain  into  ears 
when  swallowing.  Follicular  pharyngitis  connected 
with  hepatic  congestion.  Veins  in  pharynx  dis- 
tended and  tortuous. 

Stomach. — Weight  of  a  stone,  with  gnawing,  ach- 
ing pain;  most  manifest  about  three  hours  after 
meals.    Tenderness  and  fullness  in  region  of  liver. 

Rectum. — Dry,  aching.  Feels  full  of  small  sticks. 
Anus  raw,  sore.     Much  pain  after  stool,  with  pro- 


vtSCULUS    HIPPOCASTANUM.  15 

lap^e-  HtEfnorrkoids,  with  sharp  shooting  pains  up 
the  back;  blind  and  bleeding;  worse  during  climac- 
teric. Large,  hard  dry  stools-  Mucous  membrane 
seems  swollen  and  obstructs  the  passage*  Irritation 
caused  by  ascarides  and  aids  their  expulsion, 

Male. — Discharge  of  prostatic  fluid  at  stooL 

FexnB.}e.^Consiant  throbbing  behind  symphysis 
pubis.  Lcucorrhoea,  with  lameness  of  hack  across 
the  sacrO'iliac  artictUation;  dark  yellow^  sticky,  cor- 
roding;   worse  after  menses. 

Respiratory. — Laryngitis;  coughs  depending  on 
hepatic  disorders:  hot  feeling  in  chest ;  pain  around 
heart, 

Extxemities.-^Aching  and  soreness  in  limbs. 

Back. — Region  of  spine  feels  weak;  back  and  legs 
give  out.  Backache  affecting  sacrum  and  hips;  worse 
waikifig  or  stooping.  When  walking  feet  turn  under. 
Soles  feel  sore,  tired,  and  swelL  Hands  and  feet 
swell,  and  become  red  after  washing. 

Modalities.^ — Worse  in  morning  on  awaking,  and 
from  any  motion;  from  moving  bowels;  after  eat- 
ing.    Better  while  at  rest. 

Comparison. — Aescnlus  glabra  (Very  painful,  dark 
purple  external  haemorrhoids  with  constipation  and 
vertigo*  Speech  thick,  tickling  in  throat,  impaired 
vision,  paresis.)     Aloes;   Collinsonia;    Nu%;  Sulph, 

Dose* — ^Tincture,  to  third  potency. 


l6  /BTHIOPS iCTHUSA   CYNAPIUM. 

MTBIOVS. 
(Antiinon.  Sulph.  and  Quicksilyer.) 

This  preparation  is  of  use  in  scrofulous  affections, 
ophthalmia,  otorrhoea,  painful,  irritating,  scabby 
eruptions,  hereditary  syphilis. 

Skin. — ^Eruptions.  Favus-like.  scrofulous,  herpetic 
and  eczematous. 

Dose. — ^The  lower  triturations,  especially  the  sec- 
ond decimal. 

Relationship. — Calc.;    Stl.     Psorin. 

iETHUSA    CYNAPIUM. 
(Fool's  Parsley.) 

The  characttristic  symptoms  relate  mainly  to  the  ' 
brain  and  nervous  system,  connected  with  gastro- 
intestinal disturbance.  Anguish,  crying  and  ex- 
pression of  uneasiness  and  discontent  lead  to  this 
remedy  most  frequently  in  disease  in  children,  dur- 
ing dentition,  summer  complaint,  when  with  the 
diarrhoea  there  is  marked  inability  to  digest  milk,  and 
poor  circulation.     Symptoms  set  in  with  violence. 

Mind. — Restless,  anxious,  crying.  Sees  rats,  cats, 
dogs,  etc.  Unconscious,  delirious.  Inability  to 
think,  to  fix  the  attention.    Brain  fag.     [Picric  acid.] 

Head. — Feels  bound  up,  or  in  a  vise.  Occipital 
pain  extending  down  spine;  better  lying  down  and 
by  pressure.  Head  symptoms  relieved  by  expelling 
flatus  and  by  stool.     Hair  feels  pulled. 

Eyes. — Photophobia ;  swelling  of  meibomian  glands. 
Rolling  of  eyes  on  falling  asleep.  Eyes  drawn  down- 
ward;   pupils  dilated. 


^THUSA   CVNAPIUM,  I7 

Ears. — Fed  abslrncied.  Sense  of  ^>mething  hot 
from  ears.     Hissing  sound, 

IfoEe*- — Stopped  up  with  much  thick  mucus* 
Herpetic  eruption  on  tip  of  nose  Frequent  inef- 
fectual desire  to  sneeze. 

Face. — Puffed,  red-spotted,  collapsed.  Expres- 
sion anxious,  full  of  pain;  linea  nasalis  marked ► 

Mouth. — Dry.  Aphthae.  Tongue  seems  too 
long.  Burning  and  pustules  in  throat,  with  diffi- 
cult swallowing. 

Stom&th.^Intoierancs  of  milk;  vomited  as  soon 
as  swallowed  or  in  large  curds.  [Fa/^.]  Regur0^ 
iaiian  of  food  about  an  hour  after  eating.  Violent 
vomiting  of  a  white  frothy  matter.  Nausea  at  sight 
of  food.  Painful  contraction  of  stomach.  Vomit- 
ing, wtih  stx^eat  and  great  ureakness,  accompanied  by 
anguish  and  distress.  Stomach  feels  turned  upside 
down,  with  burning  feeling  up  to  the  chest.  Tear- 
ing pains  in  the  stomach  extending  to  oesophagus. 

Abdomen. — Cold,  internal  and  external,  with  ach- 
ing pain  in  bowels.  Colic,  followed  by  vomiting, 
vertigo,  and  weakness.  Tense,  inflated,  and  sensi- 
tive.    Bubbling  sensation  aroirnd  naveh 

Stool. —  Undigested,  thin,  greenish,  preceded  by 
colic ^  with  tenesmus,  and  followed  by  exhaustion 
and  drowsiness-  Cholera  infantum;  child  cold, 
clammy,  stupid,  with  staring  eye^  and  dilated  pu- 
pils. Obstinate  constipation ;  feels  as  if  all  bowel 
action  is  lost.     Choleraic  affections  in  old  age. 

Urinary, — Cutting  pain  in  bladder,  with  frequent 
urging.     Pain  in  kidneys 

Female.— Lancinating  pains  in  sexual  organs. 
Pimples;      itdiing  when  warm.       Mcnsies  watery. 


] 


1 8      iBTHUSA   CYNAPIUM AGARICUS    MUSCARIUS. 

Swelling  of  mammary  glands,  with  lancinating 
pains. 

Respiratory. — Difficult,  oppressed,  anxious  res- 
piration; crampy  constriction.  Sufferings  render 
patient  speechless. 

Heart. — ^Violent  palpitation,  with  vertigo,  head- 
ache and  restlessness.     Pulse  rapid,  hard  and  small. 

Back  and  Extremities. — Want  of  power  to  stand 
up  or  hold  head  up.  Back  feels  as  if  in  a  vise.  Ach- 
ing in  small  of  back.  Weakness  of  lower  extrem- 
ities. Fingers  and  thumbs  clenched.  Numbness  of 
hands  and  feet.  Violent  spasms.  Squinting  of  eyes 
downward. 

Skin. — Excoriation  of  thighs  in  walking.  Easy 
perspiration.  Surface  of  body  cold  and  covered  utAih 
clammy  sweat.  Lymphatic  glands  swollen.  Itching 
eruption  around  joints.  Skin  of  hands  dry  and 
shrunken.     Ecchymosis.     Anasarca. 

Fever. — Great  heat;  no  thirst.  Profuse,  cold  sweat. 
Must  he  covered  during  swecU. 

Sleep. — Disturbed  by  violent  startings;  cold  per- 
spiration. Dozing  after  vomiting  or  stool.  Child  is 
so  exhausted,  it  falls  asleep  at  once. 

Modalities. — Worse,  3  to  4  a.  m.,  and  evenings, 
warmth,  summer.     Better,  in  open  air  and  company. 

Compare:    Antimon.;    Cede.;    Ars.;   Cicuta, 

Dose. — ^Third  to  thirtieth  potency. 

AGARICUS      MUSCARIUS. 

(Bug  Agaric — ^Amanita.) 

Jerking,  twitching,  trembling,  and  itching  are 
strong  indications.     Special  anaemia,  chorea,  various 


1 


AGAHTCUS    MUSCARIUS.  j^ 

forms  of  neural^a  and  spasmodic  aifecttons,  and 
netirotic  skin  troubles  are  pictured  iu  the  symptoma- 
tology of  this  remedy.  It  corresponds  to  various 
forms  of  cerebral  excitement  rather  than  congestion. 
Thus,  in  delirium  of  fevers,  alcoholism,  etc.  Gen- 
eral paralysis.  Sensation  as  if  pierced  by  needles  of 
ice. 

Mind* — Sings,  talks,  but  does  not  answer*  Lo- 
quacity. Aversion  to  work.  Indifference*  Fear- 
lessness.  Delirium  characterised  by  singing,  shout- 
ing, and  muttering;  rhymes  and  prophesies*  Begins 
with  paroxysm  of  yawning, 

Mt^d^— Vertigo  from  sunlighL  Head  in  constant 
motion.  Falling  backward,  as  if  a  weight  in  oc- 
ciput* Lateral  headache^  as  if  from  a  nail.  [Coff.; 
Ignid.]  Dull  headache  from  prolonged  desk-work. 
Icy  coldness^  like  icy  needles  or  splinters.  Desire  to 
cover  head  warmly.     {Silica.\ 

Eyes. — Datable  vision  [Gels.] ;  dim  and  flickering. 
Asthenopia  from  prolonged  strain,  spasm  of  accom- 
modation* Twikhing  of  Lids  and  eyeballs.  [Codein,] 
Margins  of  Itds  red;  itch  and  burn  and  agglutinate. 
Inner  angles  very  red. 

Ears. — Bum  and  itch,  as  if  frozen.  Twitching 
and  noises. 

Ifose. — Nervous  nasal  disturbances.  Itching  in- 
ternally and  externally*  Spasmodic  sneezing;  sen- 
sitiveness; watery  non^n^ammatory  discharge.  In- 
ner angles  very  red.  Fetid  dark,  bloody  discharge* 
Nosebleed  in  old  people. 

Face* — Facial  muscles  feel  stiff;  twitch;  face 
itches  and  burns.  Lancinating,  tearing  pain  in 
clieeks,  as  of  splinters.  Neuralgia,  as  if  cold  needles 
ran  through  nerves  or  sharp  ice  touched  them. 


20  AGARICUS   MUSCARIUS. 

Mouth. — Herpes  on  lips.  Twitching.  Taste 
sweet.  Aphthse  on  roof  of  mouth.  Splinter-like 
pains  in  tongue.  Thirsty  all  the  time.  Tremulous 
tongue.     [Lack.]    Tongue  white. 

Throat. — Stitches  along  eustachian  tube  to  ear. 
Feels  contracted.  Small  solid  balls  of  phlegm 
thrown  up.  Dryness  of  pharynx,  swallowing  diffi- 
cult.    Scratching  in  throat;    cannot  sing  a  note. 

Stomach. — ^Empty  eructations,  tasting  of  apples. 
Nervous  distiurbances,  with  spasmodic  contractions, 
hiccough.  Unnatiural  hunger.  Flatulent  disten- 
tion of  stomach  and  abdomen.  Profuse  inodorous 
flatus.  Burning  in  stomach  about  three  hours  after 
a  meal,  changing  into  a  dull  pressiure. 

Abdomen. — Stitching  pains  in  liver,  spleen  and 
abdomen.  Diarrhoea,  with  much  fetid  flatus.  Fetid 
stools.     Urination  frequent.       Stitches  in  urethra. 

Female. — Menses,  increased,  earher.  Itching  and 
tearing,  pressive  pains  of  genitals  and  back.  Spas- 
modic dysmenorrhcea.  Severe  bearing-dawn  pains, 
especially  after  menopause.  Sexual  excitement. 
Nipples  itch,  btim.  Complaints  following  par- 
turition.    Leucorrhoea,  with  much  itching. 

Respiratory  Organs. — ^Violent  attacks  of  coughing 
that  can  be  suppressed  by  effort  of  will.  Spasmodic 
cough  at  night  after  falling  asleep,  with  expectoration 
of  little  balls  of  mucus.  Labored,  oppressed  breath- 
ing.    Cough  ends  in  a  sneeze. 

Heart. — Irregular^  tumultuous,  palpitation,  after 
tobacco.  Pulse  intermittent  and  irregular.  Cardiac 
region  oppressed,  as  if  thorax  were  narrowed. 

Back. — Pain,  with  sensitiveness  of  spine  to  touch; 
worse  in  dorsal  region.  Lumbago;  worse  in  open 
air.     Crick  in  back.     Twitching  of  cervical  muscles. 


Ar,ARICUS    MUSCARIUS.  ?X 

Extremidcs.— Stiff  all  aver.  Pain  over  hips. 
Weakness  in  loms.  Uncertain  gait.  Trembling. 
Itching  of  toes  and  feet  as  if  fro^n.  Cramp  in  soles 
of  feet.  Pain  in  shin-bone.  Neuralgia  in  locomo^ 
tor  ataxia.  Paralysis  of  lower  limbs,  with  spas- 
modic condition  of  arms*  N\imbness  of  legs  on 
crossing  them.  '    '' 

SIdn,— 5«rmffg,  licking,  redness,  and  swtUmg,  as 
from  frosi-bites^  Pimples,  hard,  like  flea-bites.  Mil- 
iary eruption,  with  intolerable  itebing^  and  burning- 
Angione orotic  (edema;    rosacea. 

Sieep,^ Paraxysnts  af  yamttng.  Restless  fnom 
violent  itching  and  burning.  On  failing  asleep, 
siatis,  tuytickes,  and  amtkens  often.  Vivid  dreams. 
Drowsy  in  daytime*  Yawning,  followed  by  invol- 
untary laughter. 

FtTtt,— Very  sensitive  to  cool  air.  Violent  at- 
tacks of  heat  in  evening.  Copious  sweat.  Burning 
spots. 

HodatitieB.^ — Worse  after  eating  and  after  coitus* 
In  cold  weather,  before  a  thunderstorm.  Worse 
pressure  on  dorsal  spine,  which  causes  involuntary 
laughter. 

Re kttonEhip.— Compare;  Ctmicif.;  Cann.  ind,; 
ityos^  Tarantula  Aluscarine  (has  much  power  over 
sseeretions*  increasing  lachxymal,  salivary^  hepatic, 
eld  l>wt  diminishing  renal;  probably  neurotic  in 
origin.  Atropin  exactly  opposes  Muscarine.  Re- 
sembles Pilocarpin  in  action) .  Agaric,  em^,  (se- 
vere vertigo ;  all  symptoms  betier  cold  water;  lofiging 
for  icw-cM  tmter).  Agar.  PhailtHdes  (cholera,  inces- 
sant cramps  in  stomach;  prostration).  Tantus  Cchil- 
hlains.  also  Terebtn^). 


I 


2  2  AGARICUS. AGAVE. AGNUS. 

Antidotes:  Camph.;  Coif.;  PidscU, 

Dose. — ^Third  to  thirtieth  and  two-hundredth  po- 
tency. In  skin  affections  give  the  lower  attenua- 
tions. 

AGAVE    AMERICANA. 

(Century  Plant.) 

Indicated  in  stomacace,  and  painful  erections  in 
gonorrhoea.  Hydrophobia.  Scurvy;  countenance 
pale,  gums  swollen  and  bleeding,  legs  covered  with 
dark  purple  blotches,  swollen,  painful  and  bard. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Lyssin;  Loch.;  Aloe^. 

Dose. — ^Tincture. 

AGNUS    CASTUS. 
(The  Chaste  Tree.) 

The  most  effective  point  of  attack  of  Agnus  upon 
the  organism  is  the  sexual  organism.  It  lowers 
sexual  vitality,  with  corresponding  mental  depres- 
sion and  loss  of  nervous  energy.  It  shows  this  dis- 
tinctive influence  in  both  sexes,  but  is  more  pro- 
nounced in  men.  Premature  old  age  from  abuse  of 
sexual  power.  History  of  repeated  gonorrhoeas.  A 
prominent  remedy  for  sprains  and  strains.  Gnaw- 
ing itching  in  all  parts,  especially  eyes.  Tachycardia 
caused  by  tobacco  in  neiirotic  young  men. 

Mind. — Sexual  melancholy.  Fear  of  death.  Sad- 
ness, with  impression  of  speedy  death.  Absent- 
minded,  forgetful,  lack  of  courage.  Illusion  of 
smell — ^herrings,  musk.  JNervous  depression  and 
mental  forebodings. 

Stomach. — Nausea,  with  sensation  as  if  intestines 
were  pressed  downwards;  wants  to  support  bowels. 


AGMUS," — AGRAPhl[S. AILANTH.  2  j 

Mflie. — Yellow  discharge  from  urethra*  No  erec- 
tions. Impotence,  Paris  cold^  relaxed.  Desire  gone. 
[Selen.;  Con.;  SabaL]  Scanty  emission  without 
ejaculation.  Loss  of  prostatic  fluid  on  straining 
Gleety  discharge*  Testacies  cold,  swollen,  hard, 
and  painful. 

Female.— Scanty  menses.  Abhorrence  of  sex- 
ual  intercourse.  Relaxation  of  genitals,  with  leu- 
corrhcea.  Agala4:tta,  with  sudness.  Sterility.  [j4wr.; 
Nat.  wf,;  Bor.)  Leucorrhoea  staining  yellow;  trans- 
parent, 

Relfltionsliip. ^-Compare:  Selenium;  Fhosph.  ac; 
Camphor.;  Lycop. 

Dose. — First  to  sixth  potency, 

AGRAPHIS    KDTAITS. 
(BluebeU.) 

Catarrhal  conditions,  obstruction  of  nostrils. 
Adefmids,  throat  deafness.  Enlarged  tonsils.  Mu- 
cous diarrhoea  from  cold.  Chill  from  cold  winds 
{Aeon.  Siiica.] 

Relationship,— Compare:  Hydrast.;  Cepa;  Cak. 
phos.     Sqiiilla. 

Dose. — Third  potency. 

AILAHTHUS     GLAITOULOSA. 

(Chiiiese  Sumach.) 

This  remedy  shows  by  its  peculiar  skin  symptoms 
its  pronounced  power  of  disorganizing  the  blood, 
causing  conditions  we  meet  with  in  low  fevers,  low 
types  of  eruptive  diseases,  diphtheria,  etc.  The  skin 
appears  livid  or  purplish;    face  dark  as  mahogany. 


I 


24      AILANTHUS   GLANDULOSA ALETRIS   FARINOSA. 

hot;  sordes;  throat  swollen,  purple,  livid;  semi- 
conscious, delirious;  weak  pulse,  general  torpor  and 
prostration.  Symptoms  remarkably  alike  to  malig- 
nant scarlatina.  Diarrhoea,  dysentery,  and  great 
weakness  are  very  marked. 

Head. — General  stupor,  with  sighing.  Confused 
mind;  mental  depression.  Headache ^  frontal ,  with 
drowsiness.  Suffused  dilated  eyes;  photophobia. 
Face  dusky.  Thin,  copious ^  ichorous,  bloody  nasal 
discharge. 

Throat. — Inflamed,  cedematous,  dusky  red.  Much 
swelling,  internal  and  external.  Dry,  rough,  scrap- 
ing, choking  feeling.  Neck  tender  and  swollen. 
Hoarse,  croupy  voice.  Tongue  dry  and  brown. 
Teeth  covered  with  sordes.  Pain  on  swallowing  ex- 
tends to  the  ears. 

Respiratory. — Hurried  breathing;  irregular.  Dry 
hacking  cough.     Lungs  sore  and  tired. 

Sleep. — Drowsy,  restless.  Heavy,  disturbed, 
unrefreshing. 

Skin. — Miliary,  livid  rash.  Large  blisters  filled 
with  dark  serum.  Irregular,  patchy,  livid  eruption, 
disappearing  on  pressure.     Cold  skin. 

Relationship. — Antidotes :    Rhus;    Nux. 

Compare:  Amman,  carh.;  Bapt.;  Am.;  Mur.ac.; 
Lach.  Rhus. 

Dose. — First  to  sixth  potency. 

ALETRIS     FARINOSA. 

(Stargrass.) 

An  anaemic,  relaxed  condition,  especially  of  the 
female  organism,  is  portrayed  by  this  remedy.  The 
patient  is-  tired  all  the  time,  and  suffers  from  pro- 


ALETRIS    FARINOSA ALLIUM    CEPA.  25 

leLpsus,  leutiorrhoea,  rectal  distress,  etc.  Marked 
ajMemia,     Chlorotic  girls  and  pregnant  women. 

Hind* — Power  and  energ^y  weakened.  Confused 
feelings.  Cannot  concentrate  mind.  Fainting,  with 
vertigo. 

Stomacti, — Disgust  for  food.  Least  food  causes 
distr^s.  Fainting  spells,  witli  vertigo.  Vomiting 
during  pregnancy.  Nervous  dyspepsia.  Flatulent 
^coUc.     [Afagnes,  phos^] 

FemaJe. — Premature  and  profuse  menses ^  unth 
tabor -like  pains.  [  S  ell . ;  Cham .;  Kalic;  Plat.]  U  t  e  - 
rus  aeems  heavy.  Prolapse,  with  pain  in  right 
inguinal  region*  Leucorrhuea,  Habitual  tendency 
to  abortion.  [Apis;  Puls.j  Sabina;  Sep.]  Muscular 
pains  during  pregnancy* 

RelationsMp. — Compare:  Helonias,  Hydrasiis^ 
Tanacet.  (debility),  China. 

Dose. — ^Tincture  to  third  potency. 


n 


ALLIUM    CEPA, 
(Red  Onion,) 

A  picture  of  coryza^  with  acrid  nasal  discharge 
and  laryngeal  symptoms  {singers'  cold,  worse  in 
warm  room  and  toward  evening;  better  in  open  air) 
Ss  presented  by  this  remedy.  Neuralgic  pains,  like 
a  fine  thread,  following  amputations  or  injuries  to 
nerves. 

Head^^-Catarrhal  headache,  mostly  in  forehead; 
worse  in  warm  room  and  towards  evening. 

Ejes. — Red.  Much  burning  and  smarting  lachry- 
pmtion.  Sensitive  io  light.  Byes  suffused  and 
watery;  profuse  Uand  lachrymation,  better  in  open 
&ir. 


26        ALLIUM  CEPA ALLIUM  SATIVUM. 

Ban. — Earache,  shooting  in  eustachian  tube. 

Nose. — Sneezing,  especially  when  entering  a  warm 
room.  Copious  watery  and  extremely  acrid  dis- 
charge. Feeling  of  a  lump  at  root  of  nose.  Hay- 
fever.  [Sabad.;  Sil.;  Psor.]  Fluent  coryza  with 
headache,   cough,   and  hoarseness. 

Stomach. — Canine  hunger.  Pain  in  pyloric  re- 
gion.    Thirst.     Belching.     Nausea. 

Abdomen. — Rumbling,  offensive  flatus.  Pains 
in  left  hypogastrium. 

Rectum. — Diarrhoea  with  very  offensive  flatus. 
Stitches  in  rectum;    itching  and  rhagades  in  anus. 

Respiratory. —  Hoarseness.  Hacking  cough  on 
inspiring  cold  air.  Tickling  in  larynx.  SensaHon 
as  if  larynx  is  split  or  torn.  Oppressed  breathing. 
Constricted  feeling  in  region  of  epiglottis.  Pain  ex- 
tending to  ear. 

Extremities. — Lame  joints.  Ulcers  on  heel. 
Painful  affections  of  fingers  about  nails.  Neuralgia 
of  stump. 

Modalities. — Worse  in  the  evening,  in  warm  room. 
Better  in  open  air,  and  in  cold  room. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Gels.;  Euph.;  Kali 
hyd,;    Aconite;   Ipecac. 

Complementary:    Phosphor.;  Thuya;    Puis. 

Antidotes:    Am.;    Cham.;     Verat. 

Dose. — ^Third  potency. 

ALLIUM    SATIVUM. 

(Garlic.) 

Adapted  to  fleshy  subjects  with  dyspepsia  and 
catarrhal  affections.  High  livers.  Pain  in  hip. 
Pulmonary  tuberculosis.     Cough  and  expectoration 


ALLIUM   SATIVUM ALNUS.  ^J 

diminishes,  temperatuTe  becomes  normals  weight  is 
gained (   and  sleep  becomes  regular.      Ht^tnoptysts. 

Head,--- Heavy;  pulsation  in  temples;  catarrhal 
deafness. 

Moutli. — Much  sweetish  saliva  after  meals  and 
at  night. 

Stomach. — Voracious  appetite.  Burning  eructa- 
tions. Least  change  in  diet  causes  trouble.  Consti- 
pation, with  constant  dull  pains  in  bowels.  Tongus 
pale  redt  papillco  effaced. 

Respiratory, — Constant  rattling  of  mucus  in 
bronchi.  Cough  in  the  morning  after  leaving  bed- 
room, with  mucous  expectoration,  which  is  tena- 
cious and  difficult  to  raise.  Sensitive  to  cold  air. 
Dilated  bronchi,  with  fetid  expectoration. 

RelationsMp. — Compare ;  Capsicum;  Arsenica 
Senega;     Kali  nit. 

Ant  idote :     Lycopod. 

Dose. — ^Third  to  sixth  potency.  In  tuberculosis, 
dose,  four  to  six  grammes  in  a  moderate  state 
of  dessication  daily  in  divided  doses. 

ALNUS. 

(Red  Alder.) 

Has  some  reputation  as  a  remedy  for  skin  affec- 
tions, glandular  enlargementSj  and  indigestion  from 
imperfect  secretion  of  gastric  juice.  It  stimulates 
niitritiont  and  thus  acts  favorably  upon  strumous 
disorders,  enlarged  glands,  etc.  Ulcerated  mucous 
raenibrane;*  of  moiith  and  throat. 

Female. —Leucorrhoea,  with  erosions  of  cervix, 
bleedb)g  easily*  Amenorrhoea,  with  burning  pains 
from  back  to  pubis, 


28  ALNUS ALOE. 

Skin. — Chronic  herpes.  Enlarged  sub-maxillary 
glands.     Eczema,  prurigo. 

Dose. — ^Tincture  to  third  potency. 

ALOE. 

(Socotrine  Aloes.) 

An  excellent  remedy  to  aid  in  re-establishing 
physiological  equilibrium  after  much  dosing,  where 
disease  and  drug  symptoms  are  much  mixed.  There 
is  no  remedy  richer  in  symptoms  of  portal  conges- 
tion and  none  that  has  given  better  clinical  results, 
both  for  the  primary  pathological  condition  and  sec- 
ondary phenomena.  The  rectal  symptoms  usually 
determine  the  choice.  Adapted  to  weary  people, 
the  aged,  and  phlegmatic,  old  beer-drinkers.  Dis- 
satisfied and  angry  about  himself,  alternating  with 
lumbago.  Heat  internally  and  externally.  Has 
been  used  successfully  in  the  treatment  of  con- 
sumption by  giving  the  pure  juice. 

Head. — Headache  alternates  with  lumbago.    Dis- 
inclination to  mental  labor.     Aches  above-  forehead, 
with  heaviness  in  eyes,  must  partially  close  them. 
Headache  after  stool.     Dull  pressive  pain;     worse  ^ 
from  heat. 

Eyes. — Compelled  to  make  small  dtiring  pain  in 
forehead.  Flickering  before  eyes.  Redness  of  eyes 
with  yellow  vision.     Pain  deep  in  orbits. 

Ears.— -Cracking  when  chewing.  Sudden  explo- 
sion and  clashing  in  left  ear. 

Nose. — Coldness  of  tip.  Bleeding  in  morning  on 
awakening. 

Throat. — ^Thick  lumps  of  tough  mucus.  Varicose 
condition  of  veins  in  pharynx. 


^g 


Stonmcli. — ^Aversion  to  meatH  Longing'  for  juicy 
things.  After  eating^,  flatulence,  pulsation  in  rec- 
tum, and  sexual  irritation.  Nausea ^  wltli  headache. 
Pain  in  pit  when  making  false  step. 

Abdomen* — Fullness  in  region  of  liver^  pain  under 
right  ribs.  Abdofnen  feels  full,  heavy t  hot,  bloated. 
Pulsating  pain  around  navel*  Weak  feelings  as  if 
diarrhosa  would  come  on*  Sensation  of  plug  be- 
tween symphysis  ptMs  and  os  coccyges ^  with  urging 
to  stooL  Great  accumulation  of  flat  us  ^  pressing 
downwards,  causing  distress  in  lower  bowels^  Colic 
before  and  during  stool     Burnings  copious  flatus* 

Rectum. — Constant  bearing-down  in  rectum; 
bleeding,  sore,  and  hot;  relieved  by  cold  water* 
Feeling  of  weakness  and  loss  of  power  of  sphincter 
ani*  Sense  of  insecurity  in  rectum  when  passing 
flatus.  Uncertain  whether  gas  or  stool  will  come* 
Stool  passes  without  effort,  almost  unnoticed. 
Lumpy,  watery  stool.  Jelly-like  stools,  with  sore- 
ness in  rectum  after  stool.  A  lot  of  mucus,  with 
pain  in  rectum  after  stool.  Hsemorrhoids  protrude 
Hke  grapes ;  very  sore  and  tender.  Burmng  in  anus 
and  rectvim.  Constipation,  with  heavy  pressure  in 
lower  part  of  abdomen*     Diarrhoea  from  beer. 

Female. — Bearing-down  in.  rectum,  worse  stand- 
ing and  during  menses.  Uterus  feels  heavy,  [China; 
Mux;  Sep.}    Labor-like  pains  in  loins;  extend  down 
jle^.     Climacteric  hiemorrhage*     Menses  too  early 
and  too  profuse, 

L     Respiratory* — Winter  coughs,  with  itching*    Diffi- 
leuit  respiration,  with  stitches  from  Hver  to  chest. 

Back*— Pain  in  small  of  back;  worse  moving. 
Stitches  through  sacrum*  Lumbago  alternating  with 
htadach^  and  piles. 


3©  ALOE ALSTONIA. 

Extremities. — Lameness  in  all  limbs.  Drawing 
pains  in  joints.     Soles  pain  when  walking. 

Modalities. — Worse  early  morning;  in  hot,  dry 
weather;  after  eating  or  drinking.  B^^  from  cold, 
open  air. 

Relationship. — Sulphur;    Kali  hich.;   Lycop. 

Antidotes:    Opium;   Sulph. 

Dose. — ^First  to  sixth  potency. 

ALSTONIA. 
(Dita   Bark.) 

Malarial  diseases,  with  diarrhcea,  dysentery, 
anaemia,  feeble  digestion,  are  the  general  conditions 
suggesting  this  remedy.  Characteristics  are  the 
gone  sensation  in  stomach  and  sinking  in  abdomen, 
with  debility.     A  tonic  after  exhausting  fevers. 

Abdomen. — Violent  ptirging  and  cramp  in  bowels. 
Heat  and  irritation  in  lower  bowels.  Cramp 
diarrhoea,  bloody  stool,  dysentery;  diarrhoea  from 
bad  water  and  malaria!  Painless  watery  stools. 
[Phosph.  ac.]     Diarrhoea  immediately  after  eating. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Ditain  (active  princi*- 
ple,  is  anti-periodic  like  qmnine  but  without  un- 
pleasant after  efEects). 

Cinchona  (similar  in  diarrhoea,  chronic  dyspep- 
sia and  debility). 

Hydrastis;    Fer.  cit  et  chin. 

Dose. — ^Tinctiu-e  to  third  potency.  Locally  for 
ulcers  and  rheumatic  pains. 


3* 


ALUMEH. 

(Common  Potash  Alum,) 

The  clinical  application,  of  this  remedy  points  to 
its  bowel  symptoms,  both  in  obstinate  constipation 
and  in  haemorrhage  from  bowel^  in  the  course  of  ty- 
phoid— one  phase  of  the  paralytic  weakness  of  the 
muscles  in  all  parts  of  the  body.  Tendency  to  in- 
duration  is  also  marked,  a  low  form  of  tissue -making 
is  favored.  Adapted  to  old  people^  especially  bron- 
chial catarrhs.     Sensation  of  dryness  and  contraction. 

Head> — Burning  pain  as  of  weight  on  top  of  head; 
better  by  pressure  of  hand.  Vertigo,  with  weak- 
ness to  pit  of  stomach. 

Throati — Tendency  to  throat  colds.  Enlarged 
and  indurated  tonsils.  Burning  pain  down  the 
esophagus.  Complete  aphonia,  Everj'  cold  settles 
in  throat.     Constriction  of  oesophagus.    [Bapt.] 

Heart. — Palpitation  front  lying  down  on  right  side. 

Rectum. — Constipation  of  the  most  aggravaied 
kind.  No  desire  for  stool  for  days.  No  ability  to 
expel  ^tool*  Marble- tike  masses  pass,  but  recttim 
si  ill  feels  full  Itching  after  stooL  Itching  in 
anus.  Smarting  in  rectum  after  stool;  also  haem- 
orrhoids. Yellow,  like  an  iof ant's,  Hsemorrhage 
from  bowels. 

Female, — Tendency  to  induration  of  neck  of 
uterus  a.nd  mammary  glands.  [Carb.  an.;  Con.] 
Chronic  yellow  vaginal  discharge.  Chronic  gonor- 
rhgea,  yellow,  with  little  lumps  along  urethra.  Aph- 
thous patches  in  vagina.     [Caul]     Menses  watery. 

Respiratory.— Haemoptysis,    great    weakness    of 


32  ALUMEN ALUMINA. 

chest;      difficult   to  expel  mucus.     Copious,   ropy 
morning  expectoration  in  old  people.     Asthma. 

Skin. — Ulcers,  with  indurated  base.  To  be 
thought  of  in  indurated  glands,  epithelioma,  etc.; 
veins  become  varicose  and  bleed.  Glands  inflame 
and  harden.     Alopecia. 

Extremities. — Weakness  of  all  muscles,  especially 
arms  and  legs.     Constricted  feeling  around  limbs. 

Dose. — First  to  thirtieth  potency.  The  very 
highest  potencies  have  proved  efficacious.  Pow- 
dered alum,  lo  grains,  placed  on  tongue  said  to 
arrest  an  attack  of  asthma. 

ALUMINA. 

(Oxide  of  Aluminum.) 

A  very  general  condition  corresponding  to  this 
drug  is  dryness  of  mucous  membranes  and  skin. 
Old  people,  with  lack  of  vital  heat  or  prematurely 
old,  with  debility.  Sluggish  functions,  heaviness, 
numbness,  and  staggering,  and  the  characteristic 
constipation  finds  an  excellent  remedy  in  Alumina. 
Disposition  to  colds  in  the  head  and  eructations  in 
spare,  dry,  thin  subjects. 

Mind. — Low-spirited ;  fears  loss  of  reason.  Con- 
fused as  to  personal  identity.  Time  passes  slowly. 
Variable  mood.  Better  as  day  advances.  Suicidal 
tendency  when  seeing  knife  or  blood. 

Head. — Stitching,  burning  pain  in  head,  with 
vertigo,  worse  in  morning  but  relieved  by  food. 
Pressure  in  forehead  as  from  a  tight  hat.  Inability 
to  walk  except  with  eyes  open.  Throbbing  head- 
ache, with  constipation.     Vertigo,  with  nausea;  bet- 


ALtJMINA- 


33 


ter  after  break tast.  Falling  out  of  hair ;  scalp  itches 
and  is  numb. 

EyeS- — Objects  look  yellow.  Eyes  feel  cold. 
Lids  dry,  burn,  smart,  thickened,  aggravated  in 
morning,    chronic  conjunctivitis.     Ptosis. 

Ears. — Humming,  roaring.  Enstachian  tube 
plugged - 

Hose. — Pain  at  root  of  nose*  Sense  of  srtlell 
diminished.  Fluent  coryza.  Point  of  nose  cracked, 
nostrilK  sore^  red;  worse  touch.  Scabs  ^tik  thick 
yelhw  mttcus.  Tetter y  redness.  OsiFna  atrophica 
sicca.     Membranes  distended  and  boggy. 

Face*^Feels  as  if  albuminous  substance  had  dried 
on  it.  Blood -boils  and  pimples.  Twitching  of 
lower  jaw.     Rush  of  blood  to  face  after  eating. 

Mouth. -^Sore.  Bad  odor  from  it.  Teeth  cov- 
ered with  sordes.     Gums  sore,  bleeding. 

Tliroat. — Dry^  sore;  food  cannot  pass,  oesopha- 
gus contracted.  Feels  as  if  spUnter  or  plug  were  in 
throat.  Irritable,  and  relaxed  throat.  Looks 
parched  and  glassed.  Clergyman^s  ^ore  throat  in 
thin  subjects.  Thick,  tenaciot^  mucus  drops  from 
posterior  nares. 

Stomach. — Abnormal  cravings— chalk,  charcoal , 
dry  food,  tea -grounds.  Heartburn ;  feels  constricted. 
Aversion  to  meat.  [Graph.;  Am.;  Puis]  Potatoes 
disagree.  No  desire  to  eat,  Can  suialhw  but  small 
morsels  at  a  time.     Constriction  of  oesophagus. 

Abdomen. — Colic,  like  painter's  colic.  Pressing 
in  both  groins  toward  sexual  organs.  Left -sided 
abdmniftal  complaints. 

StooL — ^Hard,  dry,  knotty;  no  desire.  Rectum 
sore,  dry*  inflamed,  bleeffing.     Itching  and  burning 


34  ALUMINA. 

at  anus.  Even  a  soft  stool  is  passed  with  difficulty. 
Great  straining.  Constipation  of  infants  [Collins.; 
Psor.;  Paraf]  and  old  people  from  inactive  rec- 
tum.    Diarrhoea  on  urinating. 

Urine. — Must  strain  at  stool  in  order  to  urinate. 
Pain  in  kidneys,  with  mental  confusion.  Frequent 
desire  to  urinate  in  old  people.     Difficult  starting. 

Male. — Excessive  desire.  Involuntary  emissions 
when  straining  at  stool.     Prostatic  discharge. 

Female. — Menses  too  early,  short,  scanty^  pale, 
followed  by  great  exhaustion.  [Carb.  an.;'Coccul.] 
Leucorrhoea  acrid,  profuse,  transparent,  ropy,  with 
burning;  worse  during  daytime,  and  after  menses. 
Relieved  by  washing  with  cold  water. 

Respiratory. — Hoarse,  aphonia,  tickling  in  larynx; 
wheezing,  rattling  respiration.  Cough  on  talking 
or  singing,  in  the  morntng.  Chest  feels  constricted. 
Condiments  produce  cough.  Talking  aggravates 
soreness  of  chest.  • 

Back. — Stitches.  Gnawing  pain,  as  if  from  hot 
iron.     Pain  along  cord,  with  paral)rtic  weakness. 

Extremities. — Pain  in  arm  and  fingers,  as  if  hot 
iron  penetrated.  Arms  feel  paralyzed.  Legs  feel 
asleep,  especially  when  sitting  with  legs  crossed. 
Staggers  on  walking.  Heels  feel  numb.  Soles  ten- 
der; on  stepping,  feel  soft  and  swollen.  Pain  in 
shoulder  and  upper  arm.  Gnawing  beneath  finger- 
nails. Brittle  nails.  Inability  to  walk,  except 
when  eyes  are  open  or  in  da)rtime. 

Sleep. — Restless;  anxious  and  confused  dreams. 
Sleepy  in  morning. 

Skin. — Chapped  and  dry.  Brittle  nails.  Intoler- 
able itching  when  getting  warm  in  bed.     Must  scratch 


ALUMINA — AMBRA   G  RISE  A.  35 

uatil  it  bleeds ;  then  becomes  painful.  Brittle  skin 
on  fingers, 

'M.Qd&Uties.— Worse ^  periodically;  from  potatoes; 
warm  room.     Better^  in  open  airj  from  co!d  washing^. 

RelEtionship.^-Compare ;  Secale;  Laikyr.;  Plumb. 

Com  plement  ary :     Bryonia . 

Antidotes;  Ipecac;    Chamont. 

Dose* — Sixth  to  thirtieth^  and  higher.  Action 
slow  in  developing. 

AMBRA    GRISEA, 

(Ambergris — A  morbid  product  of  the  wlialeO 

Suitable  to  excitable  nervous  children.  Ner- 
vous bilious  temperament*  Thin  scrawny  women. 
Adapted  to  hysterical  subjects  or  those  suffering 
from  spinal  irritation  with  convtilsive  cough,  eructa- 
tion, etc.  Also  for  patients  weakened  by  age  or  over- 
work, who  are  anaemic  and  sleepless.  One-sided 
complaints  call  for  it.     Music  aggravates  symptoms^ 

Mind. — Dread  of  people  and  desire  to  be  alone. 
Music  causes  weeping.  Despair,  loathing  of  life. 
Fantastic  illusions.     Bashful.     Loss  of  love  of  life. 

Head* — Slow  comprehension.  Vertigo^  with 
weakness  in  head  and  stomach.  Tearing  pain  in 
upper  half  of  brain.  Rush  of  blood  to  head  when 
listening  to  music.     Hearing  impaired. 

Stomacli.— Eructations,  with  violent  convulsive 
cough.  Acid  eructation,  like  heartburn.  Disten- 
sion of  stomach  and  abdomen.  Sensation  of  cold- 
ness in  abdomen, 

Ujinary,^ — Pain  in  bladder  and  rectum  at  the 
same  time.     Burning  in  orifice  of  urethra  and  anus. 


36  AMBRA   GRISEA. 

Feeling  in  urethra  as  if  a  few  drops  passed  out.  Burn- 
ing and  itching  in  urethra  while  urinating.  Urine 
turbid,  even  during  emission,  forming  a  brown  sedi- 
ment. 

Female. — Nymphomania.  Itching  of  pudendum, 
wtth  soreness  and  swelling.  Menses  too  early.  Pro- 
fuse bluish  leucorrhoea.  Worse  at  night.  Dis- 
charge of  blood  between  periods  at  every  little  accident. 

Male. — Voluptuous  itching  of  scrotiun.  Parts 
externally  numb;  burn  internally.  Violent  erec- 
tions without  voluptuous  sensations. 

Respiratory. — Nervous  spasmodic  cough,  with 
hoarseness  and  eructation  on  waking  in  morning; 
worse  in  presence  of  people.  Tickling  in  throat, 
larynx  and  trachea,  chest  oppressed,  gets  out  of 
breath  when  coughing.  Hollow  spasmodic  bark- 
ing cough,  coming  from  deep  in  chest.  Choking  when 
hawking  up  phlegm. 

Heart. — Palpitation  with  pressure  in  chest  as  from 
a  lump  lodged  there  or  as  if  chest  was  obstructed. 
Conscious  of  the  pulse. 

Sleep. — Cannot  sleep,  from  worry;  must  get  up. 
Anxious  dreams.  ^Coldness  of  body  and  twitching 
of  limbs  during  sleep. 

Skin. — Itching  and  soreness,  especially  around 
genitals.     Numbness  of  skin.     Arms  "go  to  sleep." 

Extremities. — Cramps  in  hands  and  fingers. 
Worse  grasping  anything.     Cramps  in  legs. 

Relationship. — Moschus  frequently  follows  advan- 
tageously. Compare:  Oleum  succinum  (hiccough.) 
Sumbul;  Castor.,  Asaf. 

Dose. — Second  and   third  potencies. 


AMBEOSIA— AMMONIACUM.  $f 

AMBROSIA, 

(Rag-Weed.) 

A  remedy  for  hay -fever,  and  some  fonus  of 
whooping-cough*  Respiratory  tract  in  its  entire 
length  .stuffed  up.     Alany  jorms  of  diarrhoea. 

Nose. — Watery  cory^a;  sneezing;  watery  dis- 
charge. Nosebleed.  Irritation  of  trachea  and 
bronchial  tubes,  with  asthmatic  attacks.  [AraL; 
Eucalypi.]     Wheezy  cough* 

Eyes,— Smart  and  burn*     Lachrymation* 

Dose. — Tincture,  to  third  potency. 


I 


AMMONIACUM. 
(Gtim  Ammoniac.) 

A  remedy  for  the  aged  and  feeble,  especially  in 
chronic  bronchitis.     Ill  humor.     Sensitive  to  cold. 

Eyes, — Dim  sight.  Stars  and  fiery  points  float 
before  eyes.     Easily  fatigued  from  reading. 

Respiratory. — Throat  dry;  worse  inhaling  fresh 
air.  LHfficuli  breathing.  Chronic  bronchial  ca- 
tarrh. Large  accumulation  of  purulent  matter  and 
feeble  expectoration ;  worse  cold  weather.  Mucus 
tough  and  hard.  Heart  beats  stronger,  extend  to 
pit  of  stomach.  Coarse  rattling  of  chest  in  old 
people.      [Tart.  emeL] 

RelationEliip, — Antidotes:    Bry\:  Arnica. 

Compare:   Senega;    Tart,  emet.;    Balsam  Peru, 


38       AMMON.  BBNZOICUM AMMON.   BROMATUM. 

AMMONIUM   BENZ0ICX3M. 
(Benzoate  of  Amimonia.) 

One  of  the  remedies  for  albuminuria,  especially  in 
the  gouty.     Gout,  with  fluid  in  large  toe-joint. 

Head. — Heavy,  stupid. 

Face.— Bloated,  swollen  eyelids.  Swelling  under 
tongue  like  ranula. 

Urine. — Smoky,  scanty.     Albuminous. 

Back. — Pain  across  sacrum,  with  urgency  to  stool. 
Soreness  in  region  of  right  kidney. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Terebinth.;  Bern,  ac.; 
Ammonia  salts;    Caust, 

In  albuminuria  compare:  Kalmia;  Helon.;  Merc, 
cor.;  Berh.;  Canth. 

Dose. — Second  trituration. 

AMMONIUM    BROMATUM. 
(Bromide  of  Ammonia.) 

Indicated  in  chronic  laryngeal  and  phar3mgeal 
catarrh,  neuralgic  headaches  and  obesity.  Con- 
strictive pains  in  head,  chest,  legs,  etc. 

Head. — Feeling  of  a  band  above  ears. 

Throat. — Smarting  in  mouth.  Tickling  in  throat, 
with  inclination  to  dry  spasmodic  coughs  especially  at 
night.     Burning  in  fauces.     White,  sticky  mucus. 

Respiratoiy. — Sudden  short  cough,  strangling. 
Tickling  in  trachea  and  bronchial  tubes.  Wakes  at 
3  A.  M.  with  cough.  Feels  suffocated;  continuous 
cough  when  lying  down  at  night;  sharp  pain  in 
lungs. 


AMMONIUM    BEOMATUM^AMMONIUM    CAftB.        39 


t Relationship.- — Hyos.;  Con.;  Arg.  nit.;  KaU  hick. 
Dose. — First  potency. 
AMMONIUM     CARS. 
(C&rboimte  of  Ammonia  0 

The  diseased  conditions  met  by  this  remedy  are 
such  as  we  find  often  in  rather  stout  women  who  are 
always  tired  and  weary,  take  cold  easily,  suffer  from 
cholera -like  symptoms  before  menses  >  lead  a  seden- 
tary life*  have  a  slow  reaction  generally,  and  are 
dispo&ed  to  frequent  use  of  the  smelling-bottle.  Too 
frequent  and  profuse  menses.  Mucous  membranes 
of  the  respiratory  organs  are  especially  affected. 
Very  sensitive  to  cold  air.  Great  aversion  to  water; 
cannot  bear  to  touch  it.  Malignant  scarlatina »  with 
somnolence,  sw^ollen  glands,  dark  red  sore  throaty 
faintly  developed  eruption.     Uraimia. 

Miad.' — Forgetful,  ill-humored,  gloomy  during 
stormy  weather. 

Head. — Pulsating  forehead;  better,  pressure  and 
in  warm  room.     Shocks  through  head. 

Eyes, — Burning  of  eyes,  with  aversion  to  light. 
Eye-strain.     [N(U.  mat.] 

Ears  .^Hardness  of  hearing.  Shocks  through 
ears,  eyes,  and  nose,  when  gnashing  teeth* 

Hose.^Discharge  of  sharp,  burning  water.  Stop- 
page at  night  with  long-conHnued  coryza.  Cannot 
breathe  through  nose.  Snurffes  of  children.  Bpis- 
taxis  after  washing  and  after  eating.  Ozaena,  blows 
bloody  mucus  from  nose.     Tip  of  nose  congested. 

Face^. — ^Tettcrs  around  mouth.  Boils  and  pus- 
tules during  menses.  Corners  of  mouth  sore, 
cracked,  and  burn. 


40  AMMONIUM  CARB. 

Mouth. — Great   dryness   of   mouth   and   throat. . 
Toothache.        Pressing  teeth  together  sends  shocks 
through  head,  eyes,  and  ears.     Vesicles  on  tongue. 
Taste  sour;  metallic.     Cracking  of  jaw  on  chewing. 

Throat. — Enlarged  tonsils  and  glands  of  neck. 
Burning  pain  all  down  throat.  Tendency  to  gan- 
grenous ulceration  of  tonsils.  Diphtheria  when  nose 
is  stopped  up. 

Stomach. — Pain  at  pit  of  stomach,  with  heart- 
burn, nausea,  waterbrash,  and  chilliness.  Great 
appetite,  but  easily  satisfied. 

Abdomen. — Noise  and  pain  in  abdomen.  Flatu- 
lent hernia.  Difficult,  hard,  and  knotty.  Bleeding 
piles;    worse  during  menses.     Itching  at  anus. 

Urine. — Frequent  desire;  involuntary  at  night. 
Tenesmus  of  bladder.  Urine  white,  sandy,  bloody, 
copious,  turbid,  and  fetid. 

Male. — Itching  and  pain  of  scrotum  and  sper- 
matic cords.  Erection  without  desire.  Seminal 
emissions. 

Female. — Itching  and  burning  of  pudendum. 
Leucorrhoea  burning,  acrid,  watery.  Aversion  to 
the  other  sex.  Menses  too  early,  copious,  clotted, 
black;  colicky  pains,  and  hard,  difficult  stool,  with 
fatigue,  especially  of  thighs ;  yawning  and  chilliness. 

Respiratory. — Hoarseness.  Cough  every  morn- 
ing about  three  o'clock,  with  dyspnoea,  palpitation, 
burning  in  chest;  worse  ascending.  Chest  feels 
tired.  Emphysema.  Much  oppression  in  breath- 
ing; worse  after  any  effort,  and  entering  warm  room, 
or  ascending  even  a  few  steps.  Winter  catarrhs, 
with  slimy  sputum  and  specks  of  blood. 

Extremities. — Hands  cold  and  blue;     distended 


AMMON.    CARB, AMMQN.    CAUSTIC UM,  4I 

veins-  Fingers  swell  wheti  arm  is  hanging  down. 
Panaritium,  deep-seated  periosteal  pain.  Cramps 
in  calves  and  soles.  Big  toe  painful  and  swollen. 
Felons  in  the  beginning.     Heel  painful  on  standing. 

Sleep. — Sleepiness  during  the  day.  Starts  from 
sleep  strangling. 

Skin. — Violent  itching  and  burning  blisters. 
Scarlet  rash.  Miliary  rash.  Malignant  scarlatina. 
Faintly  developed  eruptions  from  defective  vitality* 
Threatened  paralysis  of  brain. 

Modalities. — Worse  from  cold,  wet  weather,  wet 
applications, washing,  and  during  3  to  4  a.  m.  Men- 
ses. Better  lying  on  painful  f^ide  and  on  stomach; 
in  dry  weather. 

Relationship, — Inimical  to  La<:hesis. 

Antidotes:    Arnica;  Camphor. 

Compare:    Rhus;  Mtiriatic  acid;  Tartar  etn€L 

Of  use*in  poisoning  by  charcoal  fumes. 

Dose. — Lower  potencies. 

AMM05IUM    CAUSTICUM. 
(Hydrate  of  Ammonia,) 

This  is  a  powerful  cardiac  stimulant.  As  such  in 
sjmcope,  thrombosts,  haemorrhage,  snake-bites,  chlo- 
roform narcosis  may  be  given  by  inhalation. 

The  oedema  and  ulceration  of  mucous  membranes 
produced  by  this  powerful  drug  have  been  utilized 
m  guiding  symptoms  for  the  use  of  this  remedy, 
bence  in  membranous  croup  with  burning  in  oesopha- 
gus*    Aphonia* 

Respiratory. — D  ifficul  treapiration.  Loss  of  voice . 
Burning  rawfiess  in  throat.     Spasm  of  the  glottis 


43         AMMON.    CAUSTICUM AMMON.    MURIATICUM. 

with  stiffocation;  patient  gasps  for  breath.  Pain  in 
oesophagus  on  breathing  deeply.  Scraping  and 
burning  in  throat  and  oesophagus.  Uvula  covered 
with  white  mucus.  Nasal  diphtheria,  with  burning 
excoriating  discharge. 

Extremities. — Excessive  exhaustion  and  musctilar 
debility.  Rheumatism  of  shoulders.  Skin  hot  and 
dry. 

Dose. — First  to  third  potency. 


AMMONIUM   MURIATICUM. 
(Sal  Ammoniac.) 

A  state  of  prostration  bordering  on  a  typhoid  state 
is  produced  by  this  remedy.  All  mucous  secretions 
are  increased  and  retained.  It  is  especially  adapted 
to  fat  and  sluggish  patients  who  have  respiratory 
troubles.  Many  groups  of  symptoms  aife  accom- 
panied by  cough.  Its  period  of  aggravations  are 
peculiarly  divided  as  to  the  bodily  region  affected; 
thus  the  head  and  chest  symptoms  are  worse  morn- 
ings, the  abdominal  in  the  afternoon,  the  pains  in  the 
limbs,  the  skin,  and  febrile  symptoms  in  the  even- 
ing.    "Boiling"  sensation. 

Head. — Hair  falls  out,  with  itching  and  dandruff. 
Feels  full,  compressed;    worse  mornings. 

Eyes. — Mist  before  eyes,  optical  illusions  in  in- 
cipient cataract;    capsular  cataract. 

Nose. — Free  acrid,  hot  watery  discharge  corroding 
the  lip.  Sneezing.  Nose  sore  to  touch;  ulcerative 
pain  in  nostrils.  Loss  of  smell.  Obstructed ,  stuffy 
feeling;  constant  and  unavailing  efforts  to  blow  it 
out.     Itching. 


AMMONIUM  MtJIUATICllM.  43 

Face, — Inflammatory  faceacbe.  Mouth  and  lips 
sore  and  excoriated. 

Throat* — ^ Throbbing  in  and  swelling  o|  tonsils, 
can  scarcely  swallow.  Sore  spot  behind  uvula,  re- 
lieved by  eatiQg.  Internal  and  external  swelling  of 
throat  imik  viscid  phlegm.  Tonsillitis.  Stricture  of 
oesophagus. 

Stomach. — ^Thirst  for  lemonade,  regurgitation  of 
food,  bitter  waterbrash.  Nausea.  Gnawing  in 
stomach.  Epigastric  pain  immediately  after  eat- 
ing*    Cancer  of  stomach. 

Abdomen. — ^Splenic  stitches.  Pain  around  navel. 
Abdominal  symptoms  appear  during  pregnancy. 
Chronic  congestion  of  Hver.  Excessive  fatty  de- 
posit around  abdomen.  Much  flatus.  Strained 
feeling  in  groin.     [Apis;    Am.] 

Rectum.  ^Itching  and  hsemorrhoids,  soreness 
with  pustules.  Hard,  crumbly  stool,  or  covered 
with  glairy  mucus.  Stinging  in  perinseum.  Green 
mucous  stools  alternate  with  constipation.  During 
and  after  stool,  burning  and  smarting  in  rectum* 

Female.— Menses  too  early,  too  free,  dark,  clotted; 
flaw  more  ai  night.  Pain  as  if  sprained  in  left  side 
of  abdomen  during  pregnancy.  Diarrhoea,  green- 
ish mucous  stools,  and  navel  pain  during  menses. 
Leucorrhoea,  like  white  of  an  egg  [Alum,;  Bor.; 
Cole.  p,\\  with  pain  about  the  navel;  brown,  sHmy 
after  every  urination. 

Respiratory. —  Hoarseness  and  burning  in  larynx. 
Dry,  hacking,  scraping  cough ;  worse  lying  on  back 
or  right  side.  Stitches  in  chest.  Cough  loose  in 
afternoon,  with  profuse  expectoration  and  rattling 
of  mucus.  Oppression  of  chest.  Burning  at  small 
spots  in  chest. 


"! 


44  AM.    MUR. AM.    PHOS. AM.    PIC. 

Back. — Icy  coldness  between  shoulders;  not  re- 
lieved by  warm  covering,  followed  by  itching. 
Bruised  pain  in  coccyx,  when  sitting.  Backache,  as 
if  in  a  vise  when  sitting. 

Extremities. — Shooting  and  tearing  in  tips  of 
fingers  and  toes.  Ulcerative  pain  in  heels.  Con- 
traction of  hamstring  tendons.  Sciatica,  worse  sitting, 
better  lying.  Neuralgic  pain  in  amputated  limbs. 
Offensive  sweaty  feet.     Pain  in  feet  during  menses. 

Skin. — Itching,  generally  evenings.  Blisters  on 
various  parts. 

Fever, ^—Chilliness  evenings  after  lying  down  and  on 
awakening,  without  thirst.  Heat  in  palms  and 
soles. 

Relationship. — Antidotes:    Coffea;  Nux. 

Compare:    Calcarea;   Senega;    Caustic. 

Dose. — Third  to  sixth  potency. 

AMMONIUM    PHOSPHORICUM. 
(Phosphate  of  Ammonia.) 

A  remedy  for  chronic  gouty  patients;  indicated 
in  bronchitis  and  nodosities  of  the  joints  of  the  fingers 
and  backs  of  the  hands.  Facial  paralysis.  Pain  in 
shoulder-joint.  Tightness  around  chest.  Heavi- 
ness of  limbs,  unsteady,  tottering  gait. 

Dose. — ^Third  decimal  trituration. 

AMMONIUM    PICRATUM. 

(Picrate  of  Ammonia.) 

A  remedy  for  malarial  fever  and  neuralgias  and 
so-called  biUous  headaches.  Pain  in  occiput  and 
mastoid  region. 


AM-    PIC. AMYGDALUS — ^AMYL   NIT.  4$ 


I  Hefid. — Periodical  neuralgia,  in  right  side  of  occi- 

I  pHii   boring  extends  to  ear,  orbit,  and  jaw;     Vertigo 

I  on  rising. 

I  Dose.— Second  and  third  trituration, 

^H  AMYGDALUS    PERSICA, 

^H*  (Peach  Bark,) 

A  most  valuable  remedy  in  vomiting  of  various 
kinds;    fnorning  sickness.     Irritation  of  eyes. 

Haimorrhage  from  the  bladder. 

Gastric  irritation  of  children;  no  form  of  food 
tolerated.     Loss  of  smell  and  taste. 

Relationship.^ — Compare:  Amygd.  amara— Bitter 
Almond.  (Pains  through  tonsik,  throat  dark,  <liffi- 
cult  swallowing^  vomitings  cottgh  with  sore  chest.) 

DoBe«. — Fresh  infusion  or  mother  tincture. 


ki 


AMYL    NITROSUM, 
(Amjl  Hitcite.) 


On  inhaling  this  drug,  it  rapidly  dilates  all  arteri- 
oles and  capillaries,  producing  flushing  of  face,  heat 
and  throbbing  in  the  head.  Palpitation  of  the  heart, 
and  similar  conditions  are  readily  cured  by  it,  es- 
pecially the  flushings  and  other  discomforts  at  cli- 
macteric. Hiccough  a>id  yaixming.  Often  relieves 
temporarily  epileptic  convtilsions. 

Head. — Anxiety  as  if  something  might  happen: 
must  have  fresh  air.  Surging  of  blood  to  head  and 
face;  sensation  as  if  blood  would  start  through  skin 
with  heat  and  redness.  Flushings,  followed  by  sweat 
ai  climacteric.     Ears  hypereemic.     Throbbing. 

Throat.— Constriction;  collar  seems  too  tight. 


46  AMYL   NITROSUM ANACARDIUM. 

Chest. — Dyspnoea  and  asthn:iatic  feelings.  Gi>eat 
oppression  and  fullness  of  chest;  spasmodic  stiffo- 
cative  cough.  Praecordial  anxiety.  TumuUuous  ac- 
tion of  heart.  Pain  and  constriction  around  heart. 
Fluttering  at  slightest  excitement. 

Female. — ^After-pains:  haemorrhage  associated 
with  facial  flushing.  Climacteric  headache  and 
flashes  of  heat,  with  anxiety  and  palpitation. 

Fever. — Much  flushing  of  heat;  sometimes  fol- 
lowed by  cold  and  clammy  skin  and  profuse 'sweat. 
Throbbing  throughout  whole  body. 

Extremities. — Constant  stretching  for  hours.  Veins 
of  hands  dilated;  pulsations  felt  in  tips  of  fingers. 

Relationship. — Compare:     Glonoine;  Lachesis. 

Antidotes:   Cactus;  Strychn.;  Ergot. 

Dose. — ^Third  potency. 

For  palliation:  In  all  conditions  where  the  blood- 
vessels are  spasmodically  contracted,  as  in  angina 
pectoris,  epileptic  seiziwe,  megrim,  accompanied  by 
cold,  pallor,  etc.,  inhalation  of  the  Amyl.  nit.  will 
give  immediate  relief.  For  this  non-homoeopathic 
application,  two  to  five  minims  (put  up  in  pearjb) 
dropped  on  a  handkerchief  may  be  required. 

AlfACARDIUM. 

(Marking  Nut.) 

The  Anacardium  patient  is  fotmd  mostly  among 
the  neurasthenics ;  such  have  a  type  of  nervous  dys- 
pepsia, relieved  by  food ;  impaired  memory,  depres- 
sion, and  irritability.  Syphilitic  patients  often  suf- 
fer with  these  conditions.  Intermittency  of  symp- 
toms.    Examination  funk. 

Aversion  to  work;  lacks  self-confidence;  irresisti- 


ANACARDtUM.  47 

ble  desire  to  swear  and  curse.  Sensation  af  a  plug 
in  various  parts — eyes,  rectum,  bladder ^  etc.;  also 
of  a  batid.  Empty  feeling  in  stomach;  eating  tem- 
porarily relieves  all  discomfort.  This  is  a  sure  indi- 
catiOHj  often  verified.  Its  skin  symptoms  are  simi- 
iar  to  Rhus,  and  it  has  proved  a  valuable  antidote  to 
Poison  Oak. 

Mind.^^Fixed  ideas.  Hallucinations;  thinks  he 
is  possessed  of  two  persons  or  tinlls.  Anj^Iety  when 
walking  as  if  pursued.  Profound  melancholy  and 
hypochondriasis,  with  tendency  to  use  violent  lan- 
guage. Brain-fag,  Impaired  memory.  Very  easily 
offended.  Malicious;  seems  bent  on  wickedness* 
Lack  of  confidence  in  himself  or  others.  Suspi- 
cious. [  HyosJj  Clairaudient,  hears  voices  far  away 
or  of  the  dead. 

Head. — ^ Vertigo.  Pressing  pain,  as  from  a  plug; 
worse  after  mental  exertion— in  forehead,  occiput, 
temples,  vertex;  better  during  a  meal.  Itching  and 
httle  boils  on  scalp. 

Eyes  .^Pressure  like  a  plug  on  upper  orbit.  In- 
distinct vision. 

Ears. — Pressing  in  the  ears,  as  from  a  ping.  Hard 
hearing. 

Nose, — Frequent  snees^ing.  Sense  of  smell  per* 
verted. 

Face. — Blue  rings  around  eyes.     Face  pale, 

Mouth-^Painful  vesicles;  fetid  odor,  Tongue 
feels  swollen,  impeding  speech  and  motion,  with  sa- 
liva in  mouth. 

Stomach. ^ — Weak  digestion,  with  fullness  and  dis- 
tention. Empty  feeling  in  siofnach.  Eructation, 
nausea,  vomiting.     Eating  relieves  the  Anacardium 


48  ANACARDIUM. 

dyspepsia.     Apt  to  choke  wben  eating  or  drinking. 
Swallows  food  and  drink  hatuily. 

Abdomen. — Pain  as  if  dull  plug  were  pressed  into 
intestines.     Rumbling,  pinching,  and  griping. 

Rectum. — Bowels  inactive.  Ineffectual  desire; 
rectum  seems  powerless,  as  if  plugged  up;  even  soft 
stool  passes  with  difficulty.  Itching  at  anus;  mois- 
ture from  rectum.  Haemorrhage  during  stool.  Pain- 
ful haemorrhoids.     [Nitr.  ac;  Hyper.;  Ratanh.] 

Male. — Voluptuous  itching;  increased  desire; 
seminal  emissions  without  dreams.  Prostatic  dis- 
charge during  stool. 

Female. — Leucorrhoea,  with  soreness  and  itching. 
Menses  scanty. 

Respiratory. — Pressure  in  chest,  as  from  a  dull 
plug.  Oppression  of  chest,  with  internal  heat  and 
anxiety,  driving  him  into  open  air.  Cough  excited 
by  talking,  in  children,  after  fit  of  temper. 

Back. — Dull  pressure  in  the  shoulders,  as  from  a 
weight.     Stiffness  at  nape  of  neck. 

Extremities. — Paralytic  weakness.  Knees  feel 
paralyzed  or  bandaged.  Cramp  in  calves.  Pres- 
sure as  from  a  plug  in  the  glutei.  Warts  on  palms 
of  hands. 

Sleep. — Spells  of  sleeplessness  lasting  for  several 
nights.     Anxious  dreams. 

Skin. — Intense  itching;  eczema  with  mental  irrit- 
ability; vesicular  eruption;  swelling,  urticaria; 
eruption  like  that  of  Poison  Oak.  [Xerophyl. 
Grindel.     Croton.] 

Modalities. — Worse  on  application  of  hot  water. 
Better  from  eating. 


AKACAROIUM — ANAGALLIB — ANANTHERIIM,        49 


I        Relationship. — Anti^^le :  Coffea;  Juglans;  Rhus. 

I         Compare:     AnacardJ^p^cid^niale  (erysipelas,   ves- 

I  icular    facial    eruption.)     Rhtts;    Cypriped.;    Ckdu 

I  don.;  Xsrophyl. 

I         Platina  follows  well. 

I         3>o«e,— ^ixth  to  two-hundredth  potency. 

^H  ANAGALLIS. 

^K  (R^  Citiok^eedO 

Marked  action  on  skin^  Favors  expulsion  of 
splinters » 

Head. — Great  hilarity;  headache,  with  rumbling 
in  bowels  and  eructations ;  better  from  coffee.  Pain 
in  facial  muscles- 

Estremities. — Rheumatic  and  gouty  pains.  Pain 
in  shoulder  and  arm.  Cramp  in  ball  of  thumbs,  and 
fingers. 

Urine. — More  or  less  irritation  in  urethra,  inclin- 
ing to  coition.  Bttming  pain  on  urinating,  with 
agglutination  of  oriftce.  Urine  passes  in  several 
streams;   must  press  before  it  passes. 

Skin. — Itching:  dty^  bran-like  eruption,  especially 
on  hands  and  fingers.  Palms  especially  affected* 
Vesicles  in  groups.     Ulcers  and  swellings  on  joints. 

Dose. — First  to  third  potency. 

AWANTHERUM. 

(An  East  India  Grass.) 

A  skin  remedy  of  high  order. 

Painful  swelling  of  various  parts,  going  on  to 
suppuration.     Glandular  inflammation. 


50       ANANTHERUM ANGUSTURA — ANHALONIUM. 

Head. — Pains  pierce  brain  like  pointed  arrows; 
worse  in  afternoon.  Herpes,  ulcers,  and  tumors  on 
scalp.  Wartlike  growth  on  eyebrows.  Boils  and 
tumors  on  tip  of  nose.  Tongue  fisstired,  as  if  cut  on 
edges;   copious  salivation. 

Urine. — ^Ttirbid,  thick,  full  of  mucus.  Constant 
urging.  Bladder  cannot  hold  smallest  quantity. 
Involuntary.     Cystitis. 

Sexual. — Chancre-like  sores.  Scirrhus-like  swell- 
ing of  cervix.  Breasts  swollen,  indurated,  nipples 
excoriated. 

Skin. — Diseased  and  deformed  nails.  Offensive 
foot-sweat.  Abscesses^  boils,  ulcers.  Erysipelas. 
Pruritus,  herpes. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Staphisag.  Mercur. 
Thuja. 

Dose. — ^Third  potency. 

ANGUSTURA. 

(Galipea  Bark.) 

The  greatest  craving  for  coffee  is  a  characterist 
symptom.  Caries  of  long  bones.  Paralysis.  T 
tanus.  Stiffness  of  muscles  and  joints.  Oversea 
sitive. 

Relationship. — Compare:    Ruta;  Brucea;  Nux. 

ANHALONHIM. 
(Mescal  Button.) 

A  remedy  for  brain-fag,  delirium,  megrim,  hi 
cinations,  with  colored  brilliant  visions. 

Mind. — Loss  of  conception  of  time.  Diffi 
enunciation.     Distrust  and  resetv\.tii^Tv\,. 


AJIKALON.^ANILIN.— AKTHEMIS   NOBILIS*  5  I 

Head, — Aches,  with  disturbed  vision.  Fantastic, 
brilhant,  moving  colored  objects.  Affected  by  beat- 
ing^  time.     Pupils  dilated. 

Modalities, — Worse  on  closing  eyes;  on  move- 
ment.      Better  lying  down, 

Re  lationship  .^-Compare :  Canw^.  ind.;  Gelsem.; 
Stram.;  Kali  phos. 

Dose. — ^Tincture  to  third  potency. 

AHILIinJM. 

(A  Coal  Tar  Product) 

Marked  giddiness  and  pain  in  head,  face  has  a 
puTph  hue^  Pain  in  penis  and  scrotum  with  swell- 
ing. Profound  anemia  with  discoloration  of  skin, 
blue  lips,  anorexia,  gastric  disturbances. 

AHTHEMIS     NOBILIS, 
(Roman  Chamomile*) 

This  remedy  is  akin  to  the  ordiimry  Chamomilla, 

Respiratory,— Cory za  with  much  lachryTnation, 
sneezingf  and  discharge  of  clear  water  from  the  nose. 
Symptoms  worse  indoors.  Constriction  and  raw- 
ness of  throat.  Cough,  tickling;  worse  in  warm 
room. 

Abdomen. — Aching  in  region  of  liver,  griping  and 
chilliness  inside  of  abdomen  and  into  legs.  Itching 
of  anus,  with  white,  putty-hke  stools. 

Urinary,— Bladder  feels  distended.  Pain  along 
spermatic  cord,  which  feels  fuU  as  if  varicose,  Fre- 
quefit  urination. 

Skin, — Itchiag  of  the  soles,  as  if  from  chilblains. 


I 
I 


52     ANTHRACINUM ANTIMONIUM   ARSBNICOSUM. 

ANTHRACINUM. 
(Anthrax  Poison.) 

This  nosode  has  proven  a  great  remedy  in  epi- 
demic spleen  diseases  of  domestic  animals,  and  in 
septic  inflammation,  carbuncles,  and  ntahgnant  ul- 
cers. In  boils  and  boil-like  eruptions,  acne.  Terri- 
ble burning.     Induration  of  cellular  tissue. 

Tissues. — Haemorrhages,  black,  thick,  tar-like, 
rapidly  decomposing,  from  any  orifice.  Glands 
swollen,  cellular  tissues  cBdematous  and  indurated. 
Septicaemia.  Ulceration,  sloughing,  and  intolerable 
burning.  Erysipelas.  Black  and  blue  blisters.  Dis- 
secting wounds.  Insect  stings.  Bad  effects  from 
inhaling  fotil  odors.     Gangrenous  Parotitis. 

Relationship. — Similar  to  Arsenic,  which  it  often 
follows.  Compare:  Pyrogen;  Lachesis;  Crotalus; 
Hippozcen.;  Ecchinac. 

Dose. — ^Thirtieth  potency. 

ANTIMONIUM    ARSBNICOSUM. 

(Arsenite  of  Antimony.) 

Found  useful  in  emphysema  with  excessive  dysp- 
noea and  cough.  Worse  on  eating  and  lying  down. 
Catarrhal  pneumonia.  Pleurisy,  especially  of  left 
side,  with  exudation.  Pericarditis,  with  effusion. 
Sense  of  weakness.     (Edema  of  the  face. 

Dose. — Third  tritiu'ation. 


ANTIMON.    CHLORII>-^ — ANTIMON.    CROD. 


53 


ANTiMorrnjM    chloridum. 

(Butter  Qf  AntixnouyO 
A  remedy  for  cancer.     Mucous  membranes  de^ 


stroyed.     Abrasions.     Sldn  cold  and  clammy, 
prostration  of  strength. 
Dose.— Third  trituration. 


Great 


ANTIMONIUM    CRUDUM, 
(Stibnite.) 

For  bomoeopathic  employment,  the  mental  symp- 
toms and  those  of  the  gastric  sphere,  deter tjiine  its 
choice.  Excessive  irritability  and  jretftdness^  to- 
gether with  a  thickly-coated  white  tongue,  are  true 
gtiiding  symptoms  to  many  forms  of  disease  caUiog 
for  this  remedy.  All  the  conditions  are  aggravated 
by  heat  and  cold  bathing.  Cannot  bear  heat  of  sun. 
Tendency  to  grow  fat* 

Mind.^Cross  and  contradictive;  whatever  in  done 
fails  to  give  satisfaction.  Sulky;  does  not  wish  to 
speak.  Peevish ;  vexed  without  cause.  Child  can- 
n&l  bear  to  be  tatiched  or  looked  at.  Angry  at  every 
little  attention.     Sentimental  mood. 

Head. — Aching,  worse  in  vertex,  on  ascending, 
from  bathings  from  disordered  stomachy  especially 
from  eating  candy  or  drinking  acid  wines.  Sup- 
pressed eruptions.  Heaviness  in  forehead,  with 
vertigo,  nausea,  and  nosebleed. 

Eyes, — Dull,  sunken,  red.  Itch,  inflamed,  agglu- 
tinated. Cunt  hi  raw  and  fissured.  Chronic  blepha- 
ritis.    Pustules  on  cornea  and  lids, 

Ears.^ — ^Redness;     swelling;     pain  in  eustachian 


54  ANTIMONIUM   CRUDUM. 

tube.   Ringing  and  deafness.   Moist  eruption  around 
ear. 

Nose. — Nostrils  chapped  and  covered  with  crusts. 
Eczema  of  nostrils,  sore,  cracked,  and  scurfy. 

Face. — Pimples,  pustules,  and  boils  on  face.  Yel- 
low crusted  eruption  on  cheeks  and  chin.  Crcu:ks  in 
corners  of  mouth.     Dry  lips.     Sallow  and  haggard. 

Mouth. — Saltish  saUva.  Much  slimy  mucus. 
Tongue  coated  thick  white,  as  if  whitewashed.  Gtmis 
detach  from  teeth ;  bleed  easily.  Toothache  in  hol- 
low teeth.  Rawness  of  palate,  with  expectoration 
of  much  mucus.     Canker  sores.     Pappy  taste. 

Throat. — Much  thick  yellowish  mucus  from  pos- 
terior nares.     Hawking  in  open  air. 

Stomach. — Loss  of  appetite.  Desire  for  acids, 
pickles.  Thirst  in  evening  and  night.  Eructation 
tasting  of  the  ingesta.  Heartburn,  nausea,  vomiting. 
After  nursing,  the  child  vomits  its  milk  in  curds,  and 
refuses  to  nurse  afterwards,  and  is  very  cross. 
Gastric  and  intestinal  complaints  from  bread  and 
pastry,  acids,  sour  wine,  cold  bathing,  overheating, 
hot  weather.  Constant  belching.  Gouty  metas- 
tasis to  stomach  and  bowels.  Sweetish  water  brash. 
Bloating  after  eating. 

Stool. — Diarrhoea  alternates  with  constipation,  es- 
pecially in  old  people.  Diarrhoea  after  acids,  sour 
wine,  baths,  overeating;  sHmy,  flatulent  stools.  Mu- 
cous piles,  continual  oozing  of  mticus.  Hard  lumps 
mixed  with  watery  discharge.  Catarrhal  proctitis. 
Stools  composed  entirely  of  mucus. 

Urine. — Frequent,  with  burning  and  backache; 
ttirbid  and  foul  odor. 

Female. — ^Excited;     parts  itch.     Before  menses, 


ANTIMONIUM    CRUDUM.  55 

toothache;  menses  too  early  and  profuse.  Menses 
suppressed  from  cold  bathing  with  feeling  of  pres- 
sure in  pelvis  and  tenderness  in  ovarian  region. 
Leucorrhoea  watery,  acrid,  lumpy. 

Respiratory. — Cough  worse  coining  into  warm 
Toojn,  with  burning  sensation  in  chest,  ticking  of 
chesty  oppression.  Loss  of  voice  from  becoming 
overheated.      Voice  harsh  and  badly  pitched. 

Back. — ^Itching  and  pain  of  neck  and  back. 

Extremities. — Twitching  of  muscles.  Jerks  in 
arms.  Arthritic  pain  irt  fingers.  Nails  brittle; 
^ow  out  of  shape.  Homy  warts  on  hands  and 
soles.  Fe^  very  tender;  covered  with  large  horny 
places.     Inflamed  corns. 

Skin. — Pimples,  vesicles,  and  pustules.  Thick 
hard,  honey-colored  scabs.  Urticaria;  measle-Hke 
eruption.  Itching  when  warm  in  bed.  Dry  skin. 
Warts.     [Thuja;  Sabina;  Caust.] 

Sleep* — Continual  drowsiness  in  old  people. 

Fever *^ — Chilly  even  in  warm  room.  Intermittent 
with  disgust,  nausea  vomiting,  eructations,  coated 
tongue,  diarrhoea.     Hot  sweat. 

Modalities. — Worse  in  evening,  from  heat,  acids, 
water,  and  washing.     Better  in  open  air,  during  rest. 

HeJationship. — Complementary :     Squilla. 

Antidote:     Hepar. 

Compare:  Angophora  (obstinate  constipation, 
then  nausea,  diarrhcea  with  vertigo  and  debility. 
Pain  and  tenesmus.) 

Anthrakohali  (various  skin  affections,  chronic 
cracks  and  ulceration  of  nostrils.  Intense  thirst 
and  diuresis.) 

Antimon.    jodot.    (uterine    hyperplasia;       humid 


1 


56   ANTIMON.    CRUD. ANT.    SUL.   AUR. ANT.   TAR. 

asthma.        Pneumonia   with   bronchitis;      loss   of 
strength.)     Pulsat.;  Ipec;  Sulph. 
Dose. — ^Third  to  sixth  potency. 

AKTIMONIUM    SULPHURATUM 

AURATUM. 
(Golden  Sulphuret  of  Antimony.) 

A  remarkable  remedy  for  many  forms  of  chronic 
nasal  and  bronchial  catarrh.     Acne.     Amaurosis. 

Nose  and  Throat. — Nosebleed  on  washing.  In- 
creased secretion  in  nose  and  throat.  Rough  and 
scrapy  feeling.  Loss  of  smell.  Metallic  styptic 
taste.     Cough,  winter  coughs,  patient  is  sore  all  over. 

Respiratory. — ^Tickling  in  larynx.  Increased  mu- 
cus with  fullness  in  bronchi.  Respiration  difficult, 
pressure  in  bronchi,  with  constriction.  Tough  mu- 
cus in  bronchi  and  larynx.     Dry  hard  cough. 

Skin. — ^Acne  (pustular  variety) .  Itching  on  hands 
and  feet. 

Dose. — Second  or  third  trituration. 

ANTIMONIUM     TARTARICUM. 

(Tartar  Emetic.) 

Has  many  symptoms  in  common  with  Antimo- 
nium  Crudum,  but  also  many  pectiliar  to  itself. 
Clinically,  its  therapeutic  application  has  been  con- 
fined largely  to  the  treatment  of  respiratory  dis- 
eases where  the  symptoms  of  rattling  of  mucus 
with  little  expectoration  has  been  a  guiding  symptom. 
There  is  much  drowsiness,  debility,  and  sweat  char- 
acteristic of  the  drug,  which  group  should  always  be 
more  or  less  present  when  the  drug  is  prescribed. 


ANTIMOTWIUM    TARTARICUM.  57 

Gastric  affections  of  drunkards  and  gouty  subjects. 
Cholera  nwrbus.     Sensation    of    coldness  in  blood - 


Mind  and  Head- — Great  despondency.  Fear  of 
being  alone.  Muttering*  delirium,  and  stupor. 
Vesrtigo,  with  dullness  and  confusion.  Band-like 
feeling  over  forehead.  Face  pale  and  sunken.  Child 
will  not  be  touched  without  whining.  Headache  as 
from  a  band  compressing.     [Nit.  ac;  CarboL  ac.] 

Tongue.— Cooi^p  pasty,  thi^k  white ^  with  red 
edges.  Red  and  dry,  especially  in  the  centre- 
Brown. 

Face. — Cold,  blue,  pah;  covered  imih  cold  sweat. 

StQmach, — Difficult  deglutition  of  liquids.  Vom- 
iting in  any  position  excepting  lying  on  right  side. 
Nausea,  retching,  and  vomiting,  especially  after  food, 
with  deathly  faintness  and  prostration.  Thirst  for 
cold  water,  little  and  oftpn,  aiid  desire  for  apples, 
frti^s,  and  acids  generally. 

Abdomen*— Spasmodic  colic,  much  flatus.  Pres- 
sure in  abdomen  especially  on  stooping  forward. 
Cholera  morbus.     Diarrhcea  in  eruptive  diseases. 

Respiratory  Organs. — Hoarseness.  Great  rattling 
of  mucHs^  but  very  little  is  expectorated.  Velvety 
feeling  in  chest.  Burning  sensation  in  chest  which 
ascends  to  throat.  Rapid,  short,  difficult  breath- 
ing; seems  as  if  he  would  suffocate;  must  sit  up. 
Cot4gking  and  gaping  consecutively.  Bronchial  tubes 
overloaded  with  mucus.  Cough  excited  by  eatings 
with  pain  in  chest  and  larynx.  G£defna  and  im- 
pefiding  f^aralysis  of  lungs.  Much  palpitation,  with 
uncomfortable  hot  feeling:  Pulse  rapid,  wealc, 
trembling. 


58         ANTIMONIUM   TARTARICUM ANTIPYRINE. 

Back. —  Violent  pain  in  sacrO'lumbar  region. 
Slightest  effort  to  move  may  cause  retching  and 
cold,  clammy  sweat.  Sensation  of  heavy  weight 
at  the  coccyx.  Twitching  of  muscles;  limbs 
tremulous. 

Skin. — Pustular  eruption,  leaving  a  bluish-red 
mark.     Small-pox.     Warts. 

Fever, — Coldness,  trembling,  and  chilliness.  In- 
tense heat.  Copious  perspiration.  Cold,  clammy 
sweat,  with  great  faintness.  Intermittent  fever 
with  lethargic  condition. 

Sleep. — Great  drowsiness.  On  falling  asleep  elec- 
tric-like shocks.  Irresistible  inclination  to  sleep 
with  nearly  all  complaints. 

Modalities. — Worse  in  evening;  from  lying  down 
at  night;  from  warmth;  in  damp  cold  weather. 
Better  irova  sitting  erect;  from  eructation  and  ex- 
pectoration. 

Relationship. — ^Antidotes:   Puis.;  Sepia. 

Compare:    Kali,  sulph.;  Ipecac. 

Dose. — Second  and  sixth  trituration.  The  lower 
potency  sometimes  aggravates. 


AKTIPYRINE. 
(Phenazone — a  Coal  Tar  Derivative.) 

Mind. — Fear  of  becoming  insane;  nervous  anxi- 
ety;  hallucinations  of  sight  and  hearing. 

Head. — ^Throbbiri^  headache;  sensation  of  con- 
striction. Flashes  of  heat.  Headache  under  ears 
with  earache. 

Eyes. — Puffiness  of  lids.  Conjunctiva  red  and 
oedematous,  with  lachrymation.     Red  spots.    [Apis.] 


ANTIPYRINB APIS    MBLWriCA.  Sq 

Ears*. — Pains  and  biizzmg ;  itcli.     Tinnitus. 

Faoe« — CEdema  and  pufEness,     Red  and  swollen. 

Moutli,— SwelHng  of  lips.  Burning  of  month  and 
gums,  mceration  of  lips  and  tongue;  vesicles  and 
bullae.  Small  lump  in  cheek.  Tongue  swollen. 
Bloody  saliva.     Toothache  along  lower  jaw. 

Throats — -Pain  on  swallowing.  Expectoration  of 
fetid  pus.  Abscess,  white  false  membrane.  Sen- 
Eatlon  of  burning. 

Stomach*— Nausea  and  vomiting;  burning  and 
pain. 

Urine* — Diminished. 

Female. — Itching  and  burning  in  vagina r  Menses 
suppressed*     Watery  leucorrhcea. 

Hespiratory. — Fluent  coryza.  Nasal  mucous 
tn^nbrane  swollen*  Dull  pains  in  frontal  sinus. 
Aphonia.  Oppression  and  dyspncea.  Cheyue- 
Stokes  respiration. 

Heart. — FaintnesSt  with  sensation  of  stoppage  of 
heart.  Throbbing  throughout  the  body.  Rapid, 
weak,  irregular  pulse. 

Herves* — Epileptiform  seizures*  Contractures, 
Trembling  and  cramps.  Crawling  and  numbness. 
General  prostraiion. 

Skin. — -Erythema,  eczema,  pemphigus*  Intense 
ffruritus.      Urticaria.     Angioneurotic  oedema. 

Dose* — Second  decimal  potency, 

APIS    MELLIFICA. 

(The  Honej-Bee.) 

The  very  characteristic  effects  of  the  sting  of  the 
bee  furnish  unerring  indications  for  its  employment 


\ 


6o  APIS    MELLIFICA. 

in  disease.  Swelling  or  puffing  up  of  various  parts, 
oedema,  red  rosy  hue,  stinging  pains,  soreness,  in- 
tolerance of  heat,  and  afternoon  aggravation  are 
some  of  the  general  guiding  symptoms.  Erysipel- 
atous inflammations,  dropsical  effusions  and  ana- 
sarca, acute  inflammation  of  kidneys,  and  other  par- 
enchymatous tissues  are  characteristic  pathological 
states  corresponding  to  Apis.  Extreme  sensitive- 
ness to  touch  and  general  soreness  is  marked.  Con- 
stricted sensations.  Prophylactic  against  diphthe- 
ria, here  use  thirtieth  potency. 

Mind. — Apathy,  indifference,  and  imconscious- 
ness.  Awkward;  drops  things  readily.  Stupor,  with 
sudden  sharp  cries  and  startings.  Stupor  alternating 
with  erotic  mania.  Sensation  of  dying.  Listless; 
cannot  think  clearly.  Jealous,  fidgety,  hard  to 
please.     Sudden  shrill,  piercing  screams.     Whining. 

Head. — Whole  brain  feels  very  tired.  Vertigo; 
worse  on  lying  or  closing  eyes.  Heat,  throbbing, 
distensive  pains,  better  on  pressure,  and  worse  on 
motion.  Sudden  stabbing  pains.  Dull,  heavy  sen- 
sation in  occiput,  as  from  a  blow,  extending  to  neck 
(better  on  pressure),  accompanied  with  sexual  ex- 
citement. Bores  head  into  pillow  and  screams 
out. 

Eyes. — Lids  swollen,  red,  cedematous,  everted,  in- 
flamed; bum  and  sting.  Conjimctiva  bright  red, 
puffy.  Lachrymation  hot.  Photophobia.  Sudden 
piercing  pains.  Pain  around  orbits.  Serous  exuda- 
tion,  oedema,  and  sharp  pains.  Suppurative  inflam- 
mation of  eyes.  Keratitis  with  intense  chemosis  of 
ocular  conjunctiva.  Staphyloma  of  cornea  following 
supptirative  inflammation.  Styes,  also  prevents 
their  recurrence. 


APIS    MELLIFICA.  6t 

Eaiis, — External  ear  red,  inflamedi  sorei  sting- 
itig  pains. 

Nose, — Coldness  of  tip  of  nose.  Rcdf  swollen j  in- 
flamed, with  sharp  pains. 

Face. — Swollen,  red^  with  piercmg  pain.  Waxy 
pale  oedematous.     [Acct.  ac] 

Mouth. — 'Tongue  swollen ^  sore,  and  raw,  witli 
vesicles-  Scalding  in  mouth  and  throat.  Tongue 
feels  scalded,  red^  hot,  trembling.  Gums  swollen. 
Lips  swollen,  especially  U]>per.  Membrane  of  mouth 
and  tliroat  glossy  as  if  varQished.  Red^  shining  and 
puffy  J  like  erysipelas. 

Throat*' — Constricted,    stinging    pains.  Uvula 

suLfolIen,  sac-like.  Throat  and  tonsils  swollen,  pttffy^ 
fiery  red.  Ulcers  on  tonsils.  Fiery  red  fnargin 
around  leathery  membrane.  Sensation  of  a  fish- 
bone in  throat. 

Stomach. — Sore  feeling.  Thirsiless.  Vomiting 
of  food.     Craving  for  milk.     [Rhus.] 

Abdomen. — Sore,  bruised  on  pressure ^  when  sneez- 
ing. Exlremely  tender.  Dropsy  of  abdomen*  Peri- 
tonitis.    Swelling  in  right  groin. 

StooL — Involuntary  on  every  motion ;  anus  segms 
open.  Bloody,  painless.  Anus  feels  raw.  Haemor- 
rhoids, with  stinging  pain,  after  confinement.  Diar- 
rlioea  watery,  yellow.  Cannot  urinate  without  a 
stool.  Dark,  fetid,  worse  after  eating.  Constipa- 
tion; feels  as  if  something  would  break  on  straining. 

Urme .^Burning  and  soreness  when  urinating^ 
Suppressed*  loaded  with  casts;  frequent  and  invol- 
untary; stinging  pain  and  strangury;  scanty,  high 
colored.     Incontinence.     Last  drops  bum  and  smart. 

Female,— CEdema    of   labia;       relieved    by    cold 


1 


63  APIS   MBLLIFICA. 

water.  Soreness  and  stinging  pains;  worse  in 
right  ovary.  Menses  suppressed,  with  cerebral  and 
head  symptoms,  especially  in  young  girls.  Dys- 
menorrhoea,  with  severe  ovarian  pains.  Metrorrha- 
gia profuse,  with  heavy  abdomen,  faintness,  stinging 
pains.  Sense  of  tightness.  Bearing-down,  as  if 
menses  were  to  appear.  Ovarian  timiors,  metritis 
with  stinging  pains. 

Respiratory. — Hoarseness;  dyspnoea,  breathing 
hurried  and  difficult.  CEdema  of  larynx.  Feels  (is 
if  he  could  not  draw  another  breath.  Suffocation; 
short,  dry  cough,  supra-sternal.     Hydrothorax. 

Extremities. — (Edematous.  Synovitis.  Knee 
swollen,  shiny,  sensitive,  sore,  with  stinging  pain. 
Feet  swollen  and  stiff.  Feel  too  large.  Rheumatic 
pain  in  back  and  limbs.     Tired  bruised  feeling. 

Skin. — Swellings  after  bites;  sore,  sensitive. 
Stinging.  Erysipelas,  with  sensitiveness  and  swell- 
ing, rosy  hue.  Urticaria.  Carbuncles,  with  burn- 
ing, stinging  pain.  [Ars.;  Anthrac.]  Sudden  puff- 
ing up  of  whole  body. 

Sleep. —  Very  drowsy.  Dreams  full  of  care  and 
toil.     Screams  and  sudden  startings  during  sleep. 

Fever. — Afternoon  chill,  with  thirst;  worse  on 
motion  and  heat.  External  heat,  with  smothering 
feeling.  Sweat  slight,  with  sleepiness.  Perspiration 
breaks  out  and  dries  up  frequently.  Sleeps  after  the 
fever  paroxysm. 

Modalities. — Worse  warmth  in  any  form;  touch; 
pressure;  late  in  afternoon;  after  sleeping;  in  closed 
and  heated  rooms.  Better  in  open  air,  uncovering, 
and  cold  bathing. 

Relationship. — Complementary:  Natr.  mur.  In- 
imical: JUtus. 


APIS   MIL.^ — APiUM    CRAV. APOC.    ANDRO,         6 J 

Compare:  Apiitnt  virus  (auto-toxaemia,  with  pus 
products).     Zinc.;  Canih.    Vespa. 

Pose. — Third  to  thirtieth  potency.  Sometiines 
action  is  slow^  so  several  days  elapse  before  it  is  seen 
to  act,  and  then  urine  is  increased. 

APIUM    GRAVEOLEKS. 

(CDmmon  Celery,) 

Obstinate  retention  of  urine,  throbbing  headaches 
and  heartburn  have  been  produced  by  celery. 

Head. — ^Feeling  of  fidgets  i  cannot  sleep  from 
thinking.  Headache;  better  eating.  Eyeballs  feel 
sunken  in. 

Respiratory.— Tickling,  dry  cough.  Intense  con- 
striction  over  sternum,  with  drawing  feeling  through 
to  back  on  lying  down. 

Skin. — Itching  blotches;  burning,  creeping  sen- 
sation. Profuse  discharge  from  granulating  ulcers. 
Urticaria  with  shuddering. 

Sleep . — U  nref  reshed ;    slee  pi  ess. 

Dose.— First  to  third  potency,  ' 

APOCYHUM     AKBROS^MIFOLIUM. 

(Dogbane.) 

The  rheumatic  symptoms  of  this  remedy  promise 
most  curative  results.  Its  pains  are  of  a  wandering 
nature,  with  much  stiffness  and  drawing.  Every* 
thing  smells  and  tastes  like  honey.     Worms. 

Eitremities.— Pain  in  all  joints.  Pain  in  toes  and 
soles.     Profuse   sweat,    with  much   heat   in   soles. 


I 


64  APOC.    ANDRO. APOC.    CANN. 

Tingling  pain  in  toes.     Cramps  in  soles.       Violent 
heat  in  soles.     [Sulph.] 

Dose. — ^Tincture  and  first  potency. 

APOCYNUM  CANNABINUM. 
(Indian  Hemp.) 

This  is  one  of  our  most  efficient  remedies  in  drop- 
sies and  urinary  troubles,  especially  suppression  and 
strangury.  In  the  digestive  complaints  of  Bright's 
disease,  with  the  nausea,  vomiting,  drowsiness, 
difficult  breathing,  it  will  be  found  of  frequent  serv- 
ice. The  dropsy  is  characterized  by  great  thirst 
and  gastric  irritability.  Arhythmia.  Mitral  and 
tricuspid  regurgitation. 

Mind. — Bewildered.     Low  spirited. 

Nose. — Long-continued  sneezing.  Snuffles  of 
children.     [Sambucus.] 

Stomach. — Nausea,  with  drowsiness.  Thirst  on 
waking.  Excessive  vomiting.  Food  or  water  is  im- 
mediately ejected.  Dull,  heavy,  sick  feeling.  Op- 
pression in  epigastrium  and  chest  impeding  breath- 
ing. Sensation  of  sinking  in  stomach.  Abdomen 
bloated.     Ascites. 

Stool. — Watery,  flatulent,  with  soreness  in  anus; 
worse  after  eating. 

Urine. — Bladder  much  distended.  Turbid,  hot 
urine,  with  thick  mucus  and  burning  in  urethra  after 
urinating.  Little  expulsive  power.  Dribbling. 
Strangury. 

Female. — Amenorrhoea,  with  bloating;  metror- 
rhagia with  nausea;  fainting,  vital  depression. 
Haemorrhages  at  change  of  life. 


APOCVNUM    CAKNABTNUM—APOMORPHSA.  65 

Respiratory.— Short  dry  cough.  Respiration  short 
and  unsatisfactory.  Sighing.  Oppression  about  ep- 
igastrium and  chest. 

Heart. — Tricuspid  regurgitation;  rapid  and  feeble 
cardiac  action,  low  arterial  tension  ^  pulsating  jug^i- 
lars,  general  cyanosis  and  general  dropsy. 

Sleep. — Great  restlessness  and  little  sleep. 

Relationship. — Compare :  Strophantus  (extreme 
cardiac  depression  with  intense  gastric  disturbance; 
dropsy)*  Aralta  hisptda  (Useful  in  urinary  dis- 
orders, especially  with  dropsy).  Apis;  Arsmic; 
Digital,:  Hdkb. 

Dose. — Tincture  (ten  drops  three  times  daily)  and 
DiiitiUed  Extract, 

APOMORPHIA. 

(Alkaloid    from    Decomposition     of    Morphine     by 
Hy  dro  chlor  ic    Acid,) 

The  chief  power  of  this  drug  lies  in  the  speedy  and 
effective  vomiting  that  it  produces,  which  becorriies 
a  strong  guiding  symptom  to  its  homoeopathic  use. 
Pneumonia  with  vomiting;. 

Head  and  Stomach, — Vertigo.  Dilated  pupils. 
Nausea  and  vomiting.  Violent  inclination  to  vomit. 
Hot  feeling  all  over  the  body,  especially  head* 
Empty  retching  and  headache;  hcorthurn;  pain  be- 
tween shoulder-blades.  ReHex  vomiting — f(f%- 
nancy.     Seasickness. 

Extra-Homceopathic  Uses.— The  hyyxjdermic  In- 
jecliun  of  one-sixteenth  of  a  grain  will  catise  ftill 
amesis  within  five  to  fifteen  minutes  in  an  adult. 
Do  not  use  in  opiura  poisoning.  Apomofph  hypo- 
dermically.  one  thirtieth  grain  or  less,  acts  as  a  .safe 


1 


66  APOMORPHIA — AQUILEGIA — ARALIA   RACEMOSA. 

and  sure  hypnotic.     Acts  well  even  in  deliritim. 
Sleep  comes  on  in  half  an  hour. 
Dose. — ^Third  to  sixth  potency. 

AQUILEGIA. 

(Columbine.) 

A  remedy  for  hysteria .  Globus  and  clavus  hysteri- 
cus. Women  at  climaxis,  with  vomiting  of  green 
substance,  especially  in  the  morning.     Sleeplessness. 

Female. — Menses  scanty,  with  dull,  painful, 
nightly  increasing  pressure  in  the  right  lumbar 
region. 

ARALIA    RACEMOSA. 

(American  Spikenard.) 

This  is  a  remedy  for  asthmatic  conditions,  with 
cough  aggravated  on  lying  down.  Extreme  sensi- 
tiveness to  draughts.  Diarrhoea,  prolapse  of  rec- 
tum. 

Respiratory. — Asthma  on  lying  down  at  night,  with 
spasmodic  cough;  worse  after  first  sleep,  with  tick- 
ling in  throat.  Constriction  of  chest;  feels  as  if  a 
foreign  body  were  in  throat.  Obstruction  worse  in 
spring.  Hay-fever;  frequent  sneezing.  The  least 
current  of  air  causes  sneezing,  with  copious  watery, 
excoriating  nasal  discharge  of  salty  acrid  taste. 

Female. — Menses  suppressed ;  leucorrhoea  foul- 
smelling,  acrid,  with  pressing-down  pain.  Lochia 
suppressed,  with  tympanites. 

Relationship. — Compare :  Pecten — Scallop  (hu- 
mid asthma).  Ars.  iod.;  Naphthaline;  Cepa;  Rosa; 
Sabad.;  Sinapis. 

Dose. — ^Tincture,  to  third  potency. 


6^ 


ARAKEA, 
(Papal -CroBs  Spider 0 

All  spider  poisons  powerfully  affect  the  nervous 
system.     (See  Tarantula,  Mygale,  etc) 

All  symptoms  of  Aranea  are  characterized  by  pe- 
tiodicity,  and  coldness,  and  great  susceptibility  to 
dampness.  It  is  the  remedy  for  the  constitution 
favorable  to  malarial  poisoning,  where  every  damp 
day  or  place  favors  chilliness.  Patient  feels  cold  to 
the  very  bones.  Coldness  not  relieved  by  anything. 
Feeling  as  if  parts  were  enlarged  and  heavier.  Wakes 
up  at  night  with  hands  feeling  twice  their  natural 
size.      Spleen  swollen. 

Head, — Pain  in  right  trifacial  nerve  from  periph- 
ery inwards.  Confusion;  better  by  smoking  in  open 
air.  Heat  and  flickering  in  eyes;  worse  in  damp 
weather.  Sudden  violent  pain"  in  teeth  at  night 
immediately  after  lying  down. 

Femakv — Meftses  too  early,  too  copious.  Disten- 
tion of  abdomen.     Lumbo-abdominal  neuralgia. 

Chest.— Pain  in  intercostal  nerves  from  nerve 
endings  to  spine.  Bright  red  hseniorrhage  from 
lungs.     [Millefol.;  Ferr.  phos\ 

Extremities. — Bone -pains  in  extremities.  Pain 
in  OS  cakis.  Sensation  of  swelling,  and  of  parts 
going  to  sleep* 

Sleep*-^Restless  and  waking,  as  if  hands  and  fore- 
arms vrere  swollen  and  heavy. 

Wfwet. ^Coldness,  miih  pain  m  long  bones,  and 
feeling  of  stone  in  abdomen  at  the  same  hour  daily* 
Chilly  day  and  night;  always  w-orse  during  rain- 

Relationship.— 7 Wa    aranearum    (Spider's    w^eb). 


68        ARANEA — ARBUTUS — ARC.  METAL. 

(Sleeplessness,  increased  muscular  energy.  Excite- 
ment and  nervous  agitation  in  febrile  states.  Dry 
harassing  coughs;  periodic  headaches  with  extreme 
nervous  erethism.  Obstinate  intermittents.  Use 
high.) 

Aranea  Scinencia  (constant  twitching  of  imder 
eyelids.     Sleepiness.     Worse  in  warm  room). 

Heloderma;  Cedron;  Arsenic. 

Modalities. — Worse  damp  weather;  late  in  after- 
noon, and  at  midnight.     Better  smoking  tobacco. 

Dose. — Sixth  to  thirtieth  potency. 

ARBUTUS    ANDRACHNE. 

(Strawberry-Tree.) 

A  remedy  for  eczema  associated  with  gouty  and 
rhe  tuna  tic  symptoms.  Arthritis;  especially  larger 
joints.     Urine  rendered  more  clear. 

Relationship. — Ledum;   Uva  ursi;  Bryonia: 

Dose. — ^Tincture,  to  third  potency. 

ARGENTUM     METALLICUM. 

(Silver.) 

The  chief  action  is  centered  on  the  articulation 
and  their  component  elements,  bones,  cartilages,  and 
ligaments.  The  larynx  is  also  a  special  center  for 
this  drug. 

Head. — Dull  paroxysmal  neuralgia  over  left  side, 
gradually  increasing  and  ceasing  suddenly.  Scalp 
very  tender  to  touch.  Vertigo,  with  intoxicated 
feeling,  on  looking  at  running  water.  Head  feels 
empty,  hollow.  Eyelids  red  and  thick.  Exhausting 
coryza,  with  sneezing.     Pain  in  facial  bones; 


ARGENTUM    METALLICLTM.  69 

T^oat. — Raw*  hawking  gray,  felly -like  mticHSt 
and  throat  sore  on  coughing.  Profuse  and  easy 
morning  expectoration. 

Respiratory, — Hoarseness.  Aphonia,  Total  loss 
of  voice  of  professional  singers,  Larynx  feels  sore 
and  raw.  Easy  expectoration,  looking  like  hoiied 
starch.  Feeling  of  raw  spot  near  supra-sternal  fossa. 
Worse  from  use  of  voice ^  Cough  from  laitgking. 
Hectic  fever  at  noon.  On  reading  aloud ^  must  hem 
and  hawk.  Great  weakness  of  chest;  worse  left  side* 
Alteration  in  timbre  of  voice. 

Urine. — Diuresis.  Urine  profuse,  turbid,  ^weet 
odor.     Frequent  \arination.     Polyuria. 

E^itremities. — Rheumatic  affections  of  joints,  es- 
pecially elbow  and  knee  Legs  weak  and  trembling, 
Involuntary  contractions  of  fingers,  partial  paralysis 
of  forearm;  writer's  cramp.     Swelling  of  ankles.  j 

Male. — Crushed  pain  in  testicles.  Seminal  emis- 
sions, without  sexual  exciiement. 

Female,— Ovaries  feel  too  large.  Bearing-down 
pain.  Prolapse  of  womb.  Eroded  spongy  cervix. 
Leucorrhoea,  foul,  excoriating,  Palhative  in  scirrhus 
of  uterus.  Pain  in  left  ovary.  Climacteric  kamt^r- 
rhage.  Sore  feeling  throughout  abdomen;  worse  by 
jarring. 

Modalities.— B'(?r,se  from  touch.  Better  in  open 
air;  cough  at  night  when  lying  down  (opposite 
Hypscy.  son.). 

Relationship  .^Antidotes :    M  ere  ur . ;  Pu  Is . 

Compare:   Selefi.;  Alum.;  Platina;  St  annum;  Am- 

pelopsis.  (Chronic  hoarseness  in  scrofulous  patients.) 

Pose*— Third  to  sixth  trituration. 


70  ARGENTUM    NITRICUM. 

ARGENTUM    NITRICUM. 
(Nitrate  of  SDver.) 

In  this  drug  the  neurotic  effects  are  very  marked, 
many  brain  and  spinal  symptoms  presenting  them- 
selves which  give  certain  indications  for  its  homoeo- 
pathic employment.  It  produces  violent  inflam- 
mation of  the  throat,  and  a  marked  gastro-ente- 
ritis.  Very  characteristic  is  the'  great  desire  for 
sweets,  the  splinter-like  pains,  and  free  muco-puru- 
lent  discharge  in  the  inflamed  and  ulcerated  mucous 
membranes.  Sensation  as  if  a  part  were  expanding 
and  other  errors  of  perception  are  characteristic. 
Withered  up  and  dried  9onstitutions  present  a  favor- 
able field  for  its  action.  Pains  increase  and  decrease 
gradually.  Flatulent  state  and  prematurely  aged 
look. 

Mind. — ^Thinks  his  understanding  will  and  must 
fail.  Nervous;  impulse  to  jump  out  of  window. 
Faintish  and  tremulous.  Melancholic;  apprehen- 
sive of  serious  disease.  Time  passes  slowly.  [Cann. 
ind.]  Memory  weak.  Errors  of  perception.  Im- 
pulsive; wants  to  do  things  in  a  hurry.    \Lilii4m.] 

Head. — Sense  of  expansion.  Brain-fag,  with  gen- 
eral debility  and  trembling.  Headache  from  mental 
exertion,  from  dancing.  Vertigo,  with  buzzing  in 
ears.  Aching  in  frontal  eminence,  with  enlarged 
feeling  in  corresponding  eye.  Boring  pain;  heiter  on 
tight  bandaging  or  pressure.  Itching  of  scalp. 
Hemicrania;  bones  of  head  feel  as  if  separated. 
Diseases  from  unusual  or  long-continued  mental 
exertion. 

Eyes. — Inner  canthi  swollen  and  red.     Spots  be- 


ARGENTUM    NITRICUM,  71 

fore  the  viaon.  Blurred  vision.  Photophobia  in 
warm  rocuii.  Purulent  ophlhahma.  Great  swelling 
of  conjunctiva;  discharge'  abundatit  and  pHrtdent. 
Chrotiic  ulceration  of  margin  of  lids;  sore,  thick, 
swollen  Unable  to  keep  ey^es  fixed  steadily.  Eye- 
strain from  sewing;  worse  in  wariTi  room,  [Nat. 
muT.]  Paretic  condition  of  ciliary  muscle*  Acute 
granular  conjunctivitis.  Cornea  opaque.  Ulcer  in 
cornDa- 

Ifose. — Loss  of  smell.  Itching.  Ulcers  in  sep- 
tum. Coryza,  with  chilliness,  lachrymation,  and 
headache. 

Face.— Sunken,  old.  pale,  and  bluish.  Old  man*s 
look;  tight  drawing  of  skin  over  lx>nes. 

Mouth. ^-Gums  tender  an^  bleed  easily.  Tongue 
has  prominent  papilla;;  tip  is  red  and  painfuL  Pain 
in  sound  teeth.     [Causi.] 

Tliroat,^Much  thick  mucus  in  throat  and  mouth 
causes  hawking-.  Raw,  rough,  and  sore.  Sensation 
of  a  splinter  in  throat  on  swallowing.  Dark  redness 
of  throat.  Catarrh  of  smokers,  with  tickling  as  of 
hair  in  throat. 

Stomack. —  Belching  accompanies  most  gastric 
aihnents.  Nausea,  retching,  vomiting  of  glairy  mu- 
cus. F]a.tu\en€G\  painful  swelling  of  pit.  Gnawing, 
ulcerating  pain;  burning  and  constriction.  Ineffec- 
tual effort  at  eructation.  Great  craving  for  sweets. 
Gastritis  of  drunkards.  Ulcerati%fe  pain  in  left  side 
under  ribs.  Trembling  and  throbting  in  stomach. 
Enormous  distention.  Ulceration  of  stomach,  Ufiik 
radiating  pain* 

Abdomen,— Colic,  with  flatulent  distention. 
St  itchy  ulcerative  pain  on  left  side  of  stomach  be- 
low sliort  ribs. 


] 


72  ARGENTUM    NITRICUM. 

Stool. — Watery,  noisy,  flatulent:  green,  like 
chopped  spinach y  with  shreddy  mucus  and  enormous 
distention  of  abdomen;  very  offensive.  Diarrhoea 
immediately  after  eating  or  drinking.  Fluids  go 
right  through  him,  after  sweets.  After  any  emotion 
with  flatulence.     Itching  of  anus. 

Urine. — Urine  passes  unconsciously  day  and 
night.  Urethra  inflamed,  with  pain,  burning,  itch- 
ing; pain  as  from  a  splinter.  Urine  scanty  and 
dark.  Emission  of  a  few  more  drops  after. having 
finished.  Livided  stream.  Early  stage  of  gonor- 
rhoea; profuse  discharge  and  terrible  cutting  pains: 
bloody  urine. 

Male. — Impotence.  Erection  fails  when  coition 
is  attempted.  Cancer-kke  ulcers.  Desire  wanting. 
Genitals  shrivel.     Coition  painful. 

Female. — Orgasms  at  night.  Nervous  erethism 
at  change  of  life.  Leucorrhoea  profuse,  with  erosion 
of  cervix;  bleeding  easily.  Uterine  haemorrhage, 
two  weeks  after  menses. 

Respiratory. — High  notes  cause  cough.  Chronic 
hoarseness.  Suffocative  cough,  as  if  from  a  hair  in 
throat.  Dyspnoea.  Chest  feels  as  if  a  bar  were 
around  it.  Palpitation,  pulse  irregular  and  inter- 
mittent ;  worse  lying  on  right  side.  [Alunien.]  Pain- 
ful spots  in  chest.  Many  people  in  a  room  seem  to 
take  away  his  breath. 

Back. — Much  pain.  Spine  sensitive,  with  noc- 
turnal pains.     ^Gxal.  acid.] 

Extremities. — Cannot  walk  with  eyes  closed. 
Trembling,  with  general  debility.  Paralysis, .  with 
mental  and  abdominal  symptoms.  Rigidity  of 
calves.  Debility  in  calves  especially.  Walks  and 
stands  unsteadily,  especially  when  unobserved. 


ARGBNTUM    NlTRlCUM — ARNRA.  7^^ 

Skin, — Brown,  tense,  and  hard.  Drawing  in 
skiHi  as  from  a  spider -web,  or  dried  albiiminouii 
Kubstance,  ^^Hthered  and  dried  up. 

Sleep. — Sleepless,  from  fancies  before  his  imagina- 
tion ;  horrible  dreams  of  snakes,  and  of  sexual  grati- 
fication.    Drowsy  stupor. 

Fever.^ChillSt  with  nausea.  Chilly  when  un- 
covered, yet  feels  smothered  if  wrapped  up. 

Modalities. — Worse  warmth  in  any  form;  at  night; 
from  cold  food;  sweets;  after  eating;  at  menstrual 
period.  Better  from  eructation;  fresh  air^  cold; 
pressure. 

Relationship,  -  Antidote :    Nai.  mar. 

Compare:  Ars,;  Merc;  Ptios,;  PulsaL;  Argent, 
Cyanutmn  (angina  pectoris,  asthma,  spasm  of 
oesophagus);  Argeyttr  iodat.  (throat  disorders,  hoarse- 
ness, glands  affected).  Frolargol  (gonorrhcca  after 
acute  stage  2%  solution;  syphilitic  mucous  patches, 
chancres  and  chancroids,  10%  sokition  applied  twice 
a  day;  ophthalmia  neonatorum,  a  drops  of  10% 
solution). 

Aristolockia  Serpentaria  (Flatulence  and  dys- 
pepsia.    Distension  and  cutting  pains  in  abdomen  ►) 

Pose. — Third  to  thirtieth  potency. 

ARUICA. 

(Leopard's  Bane.) 

Produces  conditions  npun  the  system  quite  similar 
1  those  resulting  from  injuries,  'lalls,  blows,  contu- 
Bcmst     Tinnitus  aurium.      Putrid  phenomena. 

It  is  especially  suited  to  cases  when  aily  itijury, 
hOTB^ever  remote,  seems  to  have  caused  the  present 
trouble      After  ttauntaiic  injnrus,   overuse  of  any 


■ 


74  ARNICA 

organ,  strains.  Limbs  and  body  ache  as  if  beaten; 
joints  as  if  sprained.  Bed  feels  too  hard.  Marked 
effect  on  the  blood.  Tendency  to  haemorrhage  and 
low-fever  states.  Tendency  to  tissue  degeneration, 
septic  conditions,  abscesses  that  do  not  mattire. 
Sore,  lame,  bruised  feeling.  Neuralgias  originating 
in  disturbances  of  pneumo-gastric. 

Mind. — Fears  touch,  or  the  approach  of  any  one- 
Unconscious;  when  spoken  to  answers  correctly, 
but  relapses.  Indifference;  inability  to  perform 
continuous  active  work;  morose,  delirious.  Nerv- 
ous; cannot  bear  pain;  whole  body  oversensitive. 
Says  there  is  nothing  the  matter  with  him.  Wants 
to  be  let  alone.     Agoraphobia  (fear  of  space). 

Head. — Hot,  with  cold  body;  confused;  sensitive- 
ness of  brain,  with  sharp,  pinching  pains.  Scalp  feels 
contracted.     Cold  spot  on  forehead. 

Ears. — Noises  in  ear  caused  by  rush  of  blood  to 
the  head.  Shooting  in  and  behind  ears.  Blood 
from  ears.     Dullness  of  hearing  after  concussions. 

Eyes. — Diplopia  from  traumatism,  muscular  pa- 
ralysis, retinal  haemorrhage.  Bruised,  sore  feeling  in 
eyes  after  close  work. 

Nose. — Bleeding  after  every  fit  of  coughing,  dark 
fluid  blood.     Nose  feels  sore;  cold. 

Mouth. — Fetid  breath.  Dry  and  thirsty.  Bitter 
taste.     [Colocy.]     Taste  as  from  bad  eggs. 

Face. — Sunken;  very  red.  Heat  in  lips.  Herpes 
in  face. 

Stomach* — ^Vomiting  of  blood.  Pain  in  stomach 
during  eating.  Repletion  with  loathing.  Oppres- 
sive gases  pass  upward  and  downward.     Pressure  as 


ARNICA.  75 

from  a  stone.  Feeling  as  if  stomach  were  pressing 
against  spine, 

StooL- — Offensive,  brown,  bloody,  putrid,  invol- 
untary. Looks  like  brown  yeast*  Must  lie  down 
after  every  stool.     Diarrhoea  of  consumption. 

Urine . — Retained  from  overexertion.  Dark» 
brick-red  sediment. 

Female, — Bruised  parts  after  labor.  Violent 
after-pains.  Uterine  hiemorrhage  from  mechanical 
injury  after  coition.  Sore  nipples.  Mastitis  from 
injury.     Feeling  as  if  foetus  were  lying  crosswise. 

Abdomen, — Stitches  under  false  ribs.  Distended; 
offensi%'e  flatus,  ,  Sharp  thrusts  through  abdomen. 

Respiratory « — Hoarseness  from  overuse  of  voice. 
Raw  sore  feeling  in  morning.  Cough  produced  by 
weeping  and  lamenting.  Dry,  from  tickling  low 
down  in  trachea.  Bloody  eKpectoration.  Dyspnoea 
with  hemoptysis.  All  bones  and  cartilages  of  chest 
painfuL  Stitches  in  heart.  Pulse  feeble  and  ir- 
regular. Violent  spasmodic  cough,  ^mlh  facial 
herpes.     Pleurodynia.     [Ranunc.     Chnicif.] 

Extremities. — Gout.  Great  fear  of  being  touched 
or  approached.  Pain  in  back  and  limbs,  as  if  bruised 
or  beaten.  Sprained  and  dislocated  feeling.  Sore- 
ness after  overexertion  ^  Everything  on  which  he 
lies  seems  too  hard.  Deathly  coldness  of  forearm. 
Cannot  walk  erect,  on  account  of  bruised  pain  in 
pelvic  region.  Rheumatism  begins  low  down  and 
works  up.     [Ledum.] 

Skin, — Itching,  burning  eruption  of  small  pim- 
ples. Crops  of  small  bmls.  [IchihyoL;  Silica.] 
Ecchymosis.     Bed  sores.     IBomnine  he  ally.] 

Sleep. — Comatose  drowsiness;  awakens  with  hot 


76  ARNICA ARSENICUM    ALBUM. 

head;  dreams  of  death,  mutilated  bodies,  anxious 
and  terrible.     Horrors  in  the  night. 

Fever. — Shivering  over  whole  body.  Heat  and 
redness  of  head,  with  coolness  of  rest  of  body.  In- 
ternal heat;  feet  and  hands  cold.  Nightly  sour 
sweats. 

Modalities. — Worse,  least  touch;  motion;  rest, 
wine,  damp  cold.  Better,  lying  down,  or  with  head 
low. 

Relationship. — Antidotes:    Camph.;  I  pec. 

Compare:  Agrostis  (externally  after  injuries): 
Aeon.;  Bapt.;  Bellis;  Hamam.;  Rhus 

Dose.— First  to  thirtieth  potency.  Locally,  the 
tincture,  but  should  never  be  applied  hot  or  at  all 
when  abrasions  or  cuts  are  present. 

ARSENICUM    ALBUM. 
(Arsenious  Acid.) 

A  profoundly  acting  remedy  on  every  organ  and 
tissue.  Its  clear-cut  characteristic  symptoms  and 
correspondence  to  many  severe  types  of  disease 
make  its  homoeopathic  employment  constant  and 
certain.  Its  general  symptoms  often  alone  lead  to 
its  successful  application.  Among  these  the  all- 
prevailing  debility,  exhaustion,  and  restlessness^ 
with  nightly  aggravation,  are  most  important.  Great 
exhaustion  after  the  slightest  exertion.  This,  with  the 
peculiar  irritability  of  fiber,  gives  the  characteristic 
trritable  weakness.  Burning  pains.  Unquenchable 
thirst.  Seaside  complaints  [A^at.  mur.  Aqua  Ma- 
rina] . 

Mind. — Great  anguish  and  restlessness.  Changes 
place  continually.      Fears,  of  death,  of  being  left 


ARSENTCUM    ALBUIA, 


77 


!  alone.     Great  fear,  with  cold  sweat.     Thinks  it  use- 
less to  take  medicine.     Suicidal.     Hallucinations  of 
I  smell  and  sight.     Despair  drives  him  from  place  to 
I  place.     Miserly,  mahcious,  selfi^,  lacks  courage. 

Head, — Periodical    burning    pains,    with    restless- 
I  ness;  'Worse  from  cold;  with  cold  skin,      Hemicrania, 
with  icy  feeling  of  scalp  and  great  weakness.     Sen- 
sitive head  in  open  air.     Delirium  tremens;  cursing 
and  raving;  vicious.     Head  is  in  constant  motion. 
'  Scalp   ikkes  intolerably;  circular   patches  of  bare 
I  spots;  rough  J  dirty,  sensitive,  and  covered  with  dry 
scales;  nightly  burning  and  itching;  dandruff. 

My^s,^- Burning  in  eyes^  with  acrid  lachrymation^ 
Lids  red,  ulcerated,  scabby »  scaly,  granulated,  CEde- 
tna  around  eyes.  External  inflammation,  with  ex- 
'  treme  pain  fulness;  burmng,  hoi,  and  excoriating 
lachrymation.  Corneal  ulceration ,  Inte^tse  photo- 
phobia; better  external  warmth.  Ciliary  neuralgia, 
with  fine  burning  pains. 

Ears ,^ Skin  within  raw  and  burning.  Thin,  ex- 
cofiaiing,  offensive  otorrhcea.  Roaring  in  ears  dur- 
ing a  paroxysm  of  pain. 

Nose, — Thin,  waiery^  excoriating  discharge.  Nose 
feels  stopped  up.  Sneezing  without  relief.  Hay- 
fever  and  coryza;  worse  in  open  air.  Burning  and 
bleeding.     Acne  of  nose.     Lupus. 

Face. — Swollen »  pale,  yellow,  cachectic,  sunken, 
CO  Id »  and  CO  ver  ed  w  i  t  h  s  wea  t .  [Acetic  ac]  E  xpr  ess- 
sion  of  agony.  Tearing,  needU-like  pains;  burning. 
Lips  black,  bvid. 

Mouth., — Unhealthy,  easily -bleeding  gums.  Ul- 
ceration of  mouth »  with  dryness  and  burning  heat. 
Tongue  dry;  stitching  and  burning  pain  in  tongue. 


1 
I 


78  AkS^NtcUM    ALBUM. 

Bloody,  saliva.  Neuralgia  of  teeth;  feel  long  and 
very  sore;  worse  after  midnight;  better  warmth. 

Throat. — Swollen,  oedematous,  constricted,  burn- 
ing, unable  to  swallow.  Diphtheritic  membrane, 
looks  dry  and  wrinkled. 

Stomach. — Cannot  bear  the  sight  or  smell  of  food. 
Great  thirst;  drinks  much,  but  little  at  a  time.  Nausea, 
retching,  vomiting,  after  eating  or  drinking.  Anxi- 
ety in  pit  of  stomach.  Burning  pain.  Craves  acids 
and  coffee.  Heartburn;  gulping  up  of  acid  and 
bitter  substances  which  seem  to  excoriate  the  throat. 
Long-lasting  eructations.  Vomiting  of  blood,  bile, 
green  mucus,  or  brown-black  mixed  with  blood. 
Stomach  extremely  irritable ;  seems  raw,  as  if  torn. 
Gastralgia  from  slightest  food  or  drink.  Dyspepsia 
from  vinegar,  acids,  ice-cream,  ice-water,  tobacco. 
Terrible  fear  and  dyspnoea,  with  gastralgia;  also 
faintness,  icy  coldness,  great  exhaustion.  Malignant 
symptoms.  Everything  swallowed  seems  to  lodge 
in  the  oesophagus,  which  seems  as  if  closed  and 
nothing  would  pass.  ///  effects  of  vegetable  diet, 
melons,  and  watery  fruvs  generally. 

Abdomen. — Gnawing,  burning  pains  like  coals  of 
fire;  relieved  by  heat.  Liver  and  spleen  enlarged 
and  painful.  Ascites  and  anasarca.  Abdomen 
swollen  and  painful.  Pain  as  from  a  wound  in  ab- 
domen on  coughing. 

Rectum. — Painful,  spasmodic  protrusion  of  rec- 
tum. Tenesmus.  Burning  pain  and  pressure  in 
rectum  and  anus. 

Stool. — Small,  offensive,  dark,  with  much  prostra- 
tion. Worse  at  night,  and  after  eating  and  drinking; 
from  chilling  stomach,  alcoholic  abuse,  spoiled  meat. 
Dysentery,  dark,  bloody,  very  offensive.     Cholera, 


I^^^^B  ARSE>J1CIM    ALBUNf.  79  J 

I  with  intense  agony t  prostration,  and  burning  thirst.      ^m 
Body  cold  as  ice.     [  Verat]     Haemorrhoids  burn  like  1 

fire;  relieved  by  heat.     Skin  excoriated  about  anus. 

Urine. — Scanty »   burning,    involuntary.     Bladder 

as     if    paralyzed.     Albuminous .     Epithelial    cells: 

cylindrical  clots  of  fibrin  and  globules  of  pus  and 

blood.     After  urinating,  feeling  of  weakness  in  ab- 

I  domen, 

Fem&le. — Menses  too  profuse  and  too  aoonn  Burn- 
ing in  ovarian  region.  Leucorrhceat  acrid*  burning, 
offensive,  thin.  Pain  as  from  red-hot  wires;  worse 
least  exertion ;  causes  great  fatigue ;  better  in  warm 
room ,     M  e  no  rrh  agia . 

Respiratory. — Unable  to  lie  down;  fears  suffoca- 
tion. Air -passages  constricted.  Asthma  worse  mid- 
night. Burning  in  chest.  Suff^ocative  catarrh* 
Cough  worse  after  midnight;  worse  lying  on  back. 
I  Expectoration  scanty,  frothy.  Darting  pain  through 
upper  third  of  right  lung.  Wheezing  respiration, 
Haemoptysis.  Pain  between  shoulders;  burning 
heat  all  over.  Cough  dry,  as  from  sulphur  fumes. 
[Phos.] 

Heart. — Palpitation,  pain,  dyspncea,  faintness. 
j  Irritable  heart  in  smokers  and  tobacco-chew^ers. 
Pulse  more  rapid  in  morning.  Dilatation,  Cyanosis. 
Fatty  degeneration.     Angina  pectoris,      [^pigei] 

Back. — Weakness  in  small  of  back,  Drawing  in 
of  shoulders.    Pain  and  burning  in  back.    [OxaL  ac.\ 

Extremities. — Trembling,  twitching,  spasms, 
weakness,  heaviness,  uneasiness.  Cramps  in  calves. 
Swelling  of  feet-     Sciatica.     Burning  pains. 

Skin. — Itching,  burning,  swelhngs;  cedema, 
eruption,  papular,  dry,  rough,  scaly;  worse  cold  and 


8o  ARSENICUM    ALBUM. 

scratching.  Malignant  pustules,  Ulcers,  with  offen- 
sive discharge.  Anthrax.  Poisoned  wounds.  Urti- 
caria, with  biuTiing  and  restlessness.  Psoriasis. 
Scirrhus.     Icy  coldness  of  body. 

Sleep. — Disturbed,  anxious,  restless.  Suffocative 
fits  during  sleep.  Sleeps  with  hands  over  head. 
Dreams  are  full  of  care  and  fear. 

Fever. — High  temperature.  Periodicity  marked 
with  adynamia.  Septic  fevers.  Intermittent.  Par- 
oxysms incomplete,  with  marked  exhaustion.  Hay- 
fever.  Cold  sweat.  Typhoid,  not  too  early;  often 
after  Rhus.  Complete  exhaustion.  Delirium; 
worse  after  midnight.  Great  restlessness.  Great 
heat  about  3  a.  m.     Sordes. 

Modalities. — Worse  after  midnight;  from  cold, 
cold  drinks,  or  food.  Right  side.  Better  from  heat; 
from  head  elevated;  warm  drinks. 

Relationship. — Ars.  should  be  thought  of  in  ail- 
ments from  alcohohsm,  ptomaine  poisoning,  stings, 
dissecting  wounds,  chewing  tobacco;  ill  effects  from 
decayed  food  or  animal  matter;  malaria;  in  com- 
plaints that  return  annually. 

Complementary:    Carho;  Phos. 

Antidotes:  Carbo;  China;  Hepar;  Nux.  Chem- 
•cal  Antidotes:  Charcoal;  Hydrated  peroxide  of 
Iron;  Lime  water. 

Compare:  lod.;  Phosph.;  China;  Verat.  alb.; 
Carbo;  Kali  phos.  Epilobium  (intractable  diarrhoea 
of  typhoid).     Hoang  Nan  (Cancer). 

Dose. — Third  to  thirtieth  potency.  The  very 
highest  potencies  have  often  yielded  brilliant  results. 


ARSh     0ROM,  —  ARS,     HVPRO. — ARS-    JOUAT.  Kl 

ARSENICUM    BROMATUM. 

(Bromide  of  Arsenioj  ^ 

Has  proven  a  great  anti-psoric  and  anti -syphilitic 
remedy.  Herpetic  eruptions,  syphilitic  excrescen* 
ces,  glandular  tumors  and  indurations,  carcinoma, 
locomotor  ataxia,  and  obstinate  intermit  tents,  and 
^f a6rif i' are  ail  greatly  ivifluenced  by  this  preparation. 

Face. — Acfw  rosacea^  with  violet  papules  on  nose; 
worse  in  the  spring. 

Dose. — Tincture,  two  to  four  drops  daily^  in 
water. 

ARSENICUM    HYDROGErflSATUM. 

(Arse  niure  ted   Hy d  rogen . ) 

The  general  action  of  Arsenic  more  accentuated. 
Ansemia.  Anxiety;  despair.  Hsematuria,  Pre- 
puce and*  glans  covered  with  pustules  and  round 
superficial  ulcers.  Collapse.  Coldness;  proi^t  rat  ion. 
Sudden  weakness  and  nausea.  Skin  becomes  dark 
brown. 

Head,- — Violent  vertigo  on  going  upstairs.  Eyes 
sunken;  broad  blue  circles  around.  Violent  sneez- 
ing- Nose  cold.  Must  be  wrapped  up  with  warm 
cloths. 

Dose. — Third  potency, 

ARSENICUM     lODATUM,  {j 

(Iodide  of  Arsenic) 

Is  to  be  preferred  for  j persistently  irritating,  cor- 
rosive discharges.  The  dist^harge  irritates  the  mem- 
brane from  which  it  flows  and  over  which  it  flows. 
The  discharge  may  be  fetid »  watery ^  and  the  mucous 


I 


82  ARSENICUM    lODATUM. 

membrane  is  always  red,  angry,  swollen;  itches  and 
burns.  Influenza,  hay  fever,  old  nasal  catarrhs,  and 
catarrh  of  middle  ear.  Swelling  of  tissues  within 
the  nose.  Hypertrophied  condition  of  eustachian 
tube  and  deafness.  Senile  heart,  myocarditis  and 
fatty  degeneration.     Pulse  shotty.     Chronic  aortitis. 

It  seems  probable  that  in  Arsenic  Iodine  we  have 
a  remedy  most  closely  allied  to  manifestations  of 
tuberculosis.  It  will  be  indicated  by  a  profound 
prostration,  rapid,  irritable  pulse,  recurring  fever 
and  sweats,  emaciation;  tendency  to  diarrhoea,  es- 
pecially in  non -tubercular  phthisis.  Chronic  pneu- 
monia, with  abscess  in  lung.  Hectic;  debility; 
night  sweats. 

This  remedy  is  also  to  be  remembered  in  phthisis 
with  hoarse  racking  cough  and  profuse  expectora- 
tion of  a  purulent  nattire  and  attended  with  cardiac 
weakness,  emaciation,  and  general  debility;  in 
chronic  watery  diarrhoea  in  phthisical  subjects;  in 
cases  of  emaciation  with  good  appetite;  in  amenor- 
rhoea,  with  anaemic  palpitation  and  dyspnoea.  In 
chronic  pneumonia,  when  abscess  is  about  to  form. 
Great  emaciation.  Threatened  pyaemia.  [Pyrog.; 
Methel.  blue.] 

Head. —  Vertigo,  with  tremulous  feeUng,  especially 
in  aged. 

Nose. — Thin,  watery,  irritating,  excoriating  dis- 
charge from  anterior  and  posterior  nares;  sneezing. 
Hay-fever.  Chronic  nasal  catarrh;  swollen  nose; 
profuse,  thick,  yellow  discharge;  ulcers;  membrane 
sore  and  excoriated. 

Throat. — Burning  in  pharynx.  Tonsils  swollen. 
Thick  membrane  from  fauces  to  lips.  Breath  fetid, 
glandular  involvement.     Diphtheria. 


ARS     JODATUM. — ARS,    METALLICUM.  83 

Eyes  and  Ears.— Scrofulous  ophthalmia^  Otitis, 
with  fetid  corrosive  discharge.  Thickening  of  tym- 
panum.    Burning  acrid  coryza. 

Stomach. — Pain  and  pyrosis.  Vomiting  an  hour 
after  food*  Nausea  distressing.  Pain  in  epigas- 
trium.   Intense  thirst  j  water  is  immediately  ejected. 

Respiratorj. — Slight  hackiag  cough,  with  dry  and 
stopped -up  nostrils.  Pneumonia  that  fails  to  clear 
up.     Broncho -pneumo^na  after  grippe.     Aphonia. 

Fever^^Recurrent  fever  and  sweats.  DreTtching 
nigki-sweats.  Pulse  rapid,  feeble^  weak,  irregular. 
Chilly,  ca^nnot  endnre  cold. 

Skin,— Dry ^  scaly,  itching.  Ichtkyasis.  Enlarged 
scrofulous  glands.  Debilitating  night -sweats.  Ec- 
zema of  the  beard;  watery,  oozing,  itching;  worse, 
washing.     Emaciation.     Psoriasis. 

Relationship,-— Compare :  Tuberculinum;  Anii- 
fiwn.  iod.  In  hay-fever,  compare:  Aralia;  Naph- 
thalin;  Rosa;  Sang.  nit. 

Dose. — Second  and  third  trituration. 


ARSENICUM    METALLICUM, 

(Metallic  Arsenic.) 

Arouses  la t en t  sy  ph  il  i  s .  Per iod  ici t  y  v  er  y  mar ked 
symptoms  recur  every  two  and  three  weeks.  Weak- 
ness, The  tongue  coated  white,  and  shows  imprint 
of  the  teeth.  Mouth  sore  and  ulcerated ►  Swollen 
feeling  of  parts. 


< 


84  ARS.    SUL.    FLAV. ARTEMISIA.       , 

ARSENICUM    SULFURATUM    FLAVTJM. 

(Yellow  Sulphuret  of  Arsenic.) 

Difficult  respiration.     Skin  chafed  about  genitals. 
Leucodermia  and  squamous  syphilides. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Ars.;  Sulph,  rub.  (in 
psoriasis,  acne,  influenza,  and  sciatica.) 

Dose.— Third  trituration. 

ARTEMISIA    VULGARIS. 

(Mugwort.) 

Has  some  reputation  as  a  remedy  for  epfleptic 
conditions,  and  convulsive  diseases  of  childhood. 
Locally  and  internally  is  injurious  to  eyes.  Petit 
mal.  Epilepsy  without  aura;  after  fright  and  other 
violent  emotions  and  after  masturbation.  Several 
conyulsions  close  together.  Somnambulism.  Gets 
up  at  night  and  works,  remembers  nothing  in  the 
morning.     [Kali  phos.] 

Head. — Drawn  back  by  spasmodic  twitchings. 
Mouth  drawn  to  left.     Congestion  of  brain* 

Eyes. — Colored  light  produces  dizziness.  Pain  and 
blurring  of  vision;  better,  rubbing;  worse,  using 
eyes. 

Female. — Profuse  menses.  Violent  uterine  con- 
tractions.    Spasms  during  menses. 

Fever. — Profuse  sweat,  smelling  like  garlic. 

Dose. — First  to  third  potency. 


ARUM    TRIPflVLLLW  S5 


ARUM    TRIPHYLLUM, 

(Jack-in-  tbe-pulpit. ) 

Arum  maculatum,  Italic  um,  Dracontium,  have 
the  ssLUiG  action  as  the  Triphyllum.  They  all  contain 
an  irritant  poison,  causing  inflammation  of  mucus 
surfaces  and  destruction  of  tissue.  Acridity  is  the 
keynote  of  the  kind  of  acticm  characteristic  of  Arum. 

HeaiL^ — Bores  head  in  pillow.  Headache  from 
too  warm  clothing,  from  hot  coffee. 

Ejes. — Quivering  of  upper  eyelids^ 

Hose.^ — Soreness  of  nostrils.  Acrtd^  excoriating 
discharge,  producirrg  raw  sores.  Nose  obstniCliHi; 
must  breath*'  through  mouth.  Boring  in  the  nose. 
Coryza;  discharge  blood -streaked »  watery.  Nose 
completely  stopped  with  Buent  acrid  discharge. 
Hay- fever,  with  pain  over  root  of  nose.  Large  scabs 
high  up  on  right  side  of  nose.  Face  feels  chapped, 
as  if  from  cold  wind;  feels  hot.  Constant  pieking  ai 
nose  uni^ii  it  bietds. 

Houth, —  Raw  ftxling  at  roof  and  pahite.  Lips 
and  soft  palate  sore  and  burning.  Lips  chapjied  and 
byming.  Corners  of  mouth  sorv  and  cracked. 
Tongue  red.  sore;  whole  mouth  raw.  Picking  lips 
until  they  bleed .     Sali\'^a  profuse,  acrid  ►  corroding. 

Throat. — Sw^elling  of  sub-maxillary  glands.  Coft- 
stri€led  and  swollen;  bums;  raw.  Constant  hawk* 
ing-  Hoarseness.  Expectoration  of  much  mucus. 
Lungs  feel  sore.  Clergyman's  sore  throat.  Voice 
uncertain,  uncontrollable,      Worse,  talking,  singing. 

Skin.— Scarlet  rash;  raw,  bloody  surfaces  Qk^^^- 
where. 


86     ARUM    TRIPHYLLUM ARUNDO    MAURITANICA. 

Modalities. — Worse,  northwest  wind;  lying  down. 
Relationship. — Compare:     Ammon.  carb.;  Ailan- 
thus;  Cepa. 

Antidotes:    Buttermilk;  Acet.  ac.;  Puis. 
Dose. — Third  to  thirtieth  potency. 

ARUNDO    IfAURITANICA. 

(Reed.) 

A  remedy  for  catarrhal  states  and  diarrhoea  of 
teething  children. 

Head. — Itching;  falling  off  of  hair;  roots  of  hair 
painful.     Pustules. 

Ears. — Burning  and  itching  in  auditory  canals. 

Nose. — Coryza;  loss  of  smell.     [Nat.  mur.] 

Mouth. — Burning  and  itching;  bleeding  of  gums. 

Stomach. — Coldness  in  stomach.  Longing  for 
acids.     [Antim;  Ars.;  China;  Phos.] 

Abdomen. — Movement  as  from  something  alive. 

Stool. — Greenish.  Burning  at  anus.  Diarrhoea 
of  nursing  children.     [Cham.;  Calc.  phos.] 

Urine. — Burning.     Red  sediment.     [Lye] 

Male. — Pain  in  spermatic  cord  after  embrace. 

Female. — Menses  too  early  and  profuse.  Neu- 
ralgic pains  from  face  to  shoulders  and  pubis. 

Respiratory. — Dyspnoea;  cough;  bluish  expecto- 
ration.    Biuning  and  pain  in  nipples. 

Extremities. — Itching,  btirning;  oedema  of  hands 
and  feet.  Burning  and  swelling  of  soles.  Copious 
and  offensive  sweat  of  feet. 

Skin. — Eczema;  itching  and  crawling,  especially 
of  chest,  upper  extremities. 


ARUNDO    MALfRlTAVlCA ASAPCETIDA.  87 


I         Relationship. — Compare:    Lolium;    Cspa;  Se^ad. 
I         Dofie, — Third  to  sixth  potency* 

^B  ASAFCETIDA. 

^^  (Gum  of  the  Stinkasand.) 

The  flatulence  and  spasmodic  contraction  of  stom* 
ach  and  oesophagvis  with  reverse  peristalsis  are  the 
most  marked  symptoms.  In  its  selection,  its  rela- 
tion to  the  hysterical  and  hypochondriacal  patients 
must  be  borne  in  mind.  Besides  these  superficial 
symptoms,  it  has  been  found  to  affect  favorably  deep 
ulcerations,  caries  of  bones,  especially  in  the  syphili- 
tic organism ;  here  the  extreme  sensitiveness  and  ter- 
rible throbbing  nightly  pains  guiding  to  its  use. 

Head.^ — Irritable;  complains  of  her  troubles;  sen- 
sitive. Boring  above  eyebrows.  Pressive  pain 
from  within  outward. 

Eyes- — CJrbital  neuralgia;  better,  pressure  and 
rest.  Iritis  and  intraocular  inflammations,  with 
boring,  throbbing  pains  at  night.  Stitches  under 
left  frontal  eminence.  Boring  pains  in  and  around 
eyes.  Syphilitic  iritis.  Superficial  corneal  ulcer 
with  digging  pains;  worse  at  night. 

Ears,^ — Offensive  otorrhcea,  with  boring  pains  in 
mastoid  bone,     Offensive  purulent  discharge. 

Nose. — Syphilitic  o^sena,  with  very  offensive  pu- 
rulent discharge.     Caries  of  nasal  bones.    [Aurunt.] 

Throat. — Giobus  kystericus.  Ball  rises  in  throat. 
Sensation  as  if  peristalsic  motions  were  reversed, 
and  oesophagus  were  driven  from  stomach  to  throat. 

Stomach. ---Great  difficulty  in  bringing  up  wind- 
Flatulence  and  regtirgitation  of  liquid.  Hysterical 
flatulence.     Great  distention.      Pulsation  in  pit  of 


88  ASAFCETIi>A ASARL'M. 

stomach.  Violent  gastralgia;  cutting  and  burrfing 
in  stomach  and  region  of  diaphragm.  Gurgling  and 
rolling  of  wind,  which  escapes  afterward  with  loud 
and  difficult  eructation. 

Female. — Mammae  turgid  with  milk  in  the  unim- 
pregnated.     Deficient  milk  with  oversensitiveness. 

Rectum. — Distended,  griping,  with  hunger.  Ob- 
stinate constipation.  Pain  in  perineum,  as  if  some- 
thing dull  pressed  out.  Diarrhcea,  extremely  offen- 
sive, with  meteorismus,  and  regurgitation  of  food. 

Chest. — Spasmodic  tightness,  as  if  lungs  could  not 
be  fully  expanded.  Palpitation  more  like  a  tremor, 
[Sulph.  ac.] 

Bones. — Darting  pain  and  caries  in  bones.  Pe- 
riosteum painful,  swollen,  enlarged.  Ulcers  affect- 
ing bones;  thin,  ichorous  pus. 

Skin. — Itching,  better  scratching;  ulcers  painful 
on  edges. 

Modalities. — Worse,  at  night;  from  touch;  left 
side,  during  rest.     Better,  open  air;  from  motion. 

Relationship. — Antidotes:    China;  Mercur. 

Compare:     Moschus;  China;  Mercur.;  Aurum. 

Dose. — Second  to  sixth  potency. 

ASARUM. 

(European  Snake-root.) 
A  remedy  for  nervous  affections,  loss  of  energy, 
with  excessive  erethism.  Scratching  on  silk  or  linen 
or  paper  unbearable.  Pains  and  spasmodic  muscular 
actions.  Nervous  deafness  and  asthenopia.  Cold 
shivers  from  any  emotion.  Feels  a;s  if  parts  "were 
pressed  together.  Tension  and  contractive  sensa- 
tions.    Always  feels  cold.  '  ' 


ASAFTM. 


Sg 


Mind. — Thoughts  vanish  with  drawing  pressure 
in  forehead.  Sensibility  increased^  even  from  mere 
intaginaiion. 

Mefld. — Compressive  pain.  Tension  of  scalp; 
hair  painful.     [China.) 

Eyes. — Feel  stiff;  burn;  feel  cold  Better,  in  cold 
air  or  water;  wor^e,  sunlight  and  wind.  Darting 
pains  in  eyes  after  operations.     Asthenopia. 

Ears, — Sensation  as  if  plugged  up. 

Stomach.— Loss  of  appetite,  flatulence,  eructation^ 
and  vomiting.  Desire  for  alcoholic  drinks.  Smok- 
ing-tobacco  tastes  bitter.  Nausea;  worse  after  eat- 
ing. Clean  tongue.  Great  faintness.  Accumula- 
tion of  cold  watery  saliva. 

Rectum. — Strings  of  odorless  yellow  mucus  pass 
from  ?>owels.  Diarrhoea  of  tough  mucus.  Undi- 
gested stools.     Prolapse. 

Female. — ^Menses  too  early,  long  lasting,  black. 
Violent  pain  in  small  of  back.  Tenacious  yellow^ 
Icucorrhicii, 

Respiratory*— Nervous  hacking  cough.  Short 
respiration . 

Back, — Paralytic  pain  in  muscles  of  nape  of  neck. 
Weakness,  with  staggering. 

Fever, — Chilliness,  single  j>arts  get  icy  cold. 
Ill  a  St  ly  excited  perspiration. 

HodAiities.^Worset  in  cold,  dry  w*eutber*  Belter, 
frimt  washing;  in  damp  and  wet  weather. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Silica;   Ntf^;  Ckx-wi. 
Dose.  —  Tliird  to  sixth  fiotency , 


()0     AScLfiWAS   SYftlACA — AScLEPIaS   TUBfiftOSA. 

ASCLEPIAS   SYRIACA. 
(Silkweed.) 

A  remedy  for  dropsy  dependent  on  heart  or  kidney 
disease.  Intermittent,  pressing-down  uterine  pains. 
Increases  secretion  of  urine  and  perspiration. 

Head. — Feels  as  if  a  sharp  instrument  were  thrust 
through  from  temple  to  temple.  Constriction  across 
forehead.  Nervous  headache  after  suppressed  per- 
spiration, followed  by  increased  urine,  with  increase 
of  specific  gravity.  Headache  from  retention  of 
effete  matters  in  system. 

Dose. — Tincture. 

ASCLEPIAS    TUBEROSA. 
(Pleurisy-Root.) 

Its  action  on  the  chest  muscles  is  most  marked, 
and  has  been  verified.  Sick  headache,  with  flatu- 
lence in  stomach  and  bowels.  Dyspepsia.  Bron- 
chitis and  pleurisy  come  within  its  range. 

Respiratory. — Respiration  painful,  especially  at 
base  of  left  lung.  Dry  cough;  throat  constricted; 
causes  pain  in  head  and  abdomen.  Pain  in  chest; 
shooting  downward  from  left  nipple .  Spaces  between 
ribs  close  to  sternum  tender.  Lancinating  pain  be- 
tween shoulders.  Catarrh,  with  frontal  headache, 
and  sticky  yellow  discharge. 

Stomach. — Fullness,  pressure,  weight.  Flatu- 
lence after  meals.     Sensitive  to  tobacco. 

Rectum. — Catarrhal  dysentery^  with  rheumatic 
pains  all  over. 

Relationship. — Compare:    Bryonia;  Dulc. 

Dose. — Tincture  and  first  potency. 


ASIMINA    TRILOBA — ASPARAGUS    OFFICINALIS.     91 

ASIMIHA    TMILOBA. 

(Papftw.) 

Produces  a  series  of  symptoms  much  like  scarlet 
fever;  sore  throaty  fever,  vomitings  scarlet  eruption; 
tonsils  and  sub-maxillary  glands  enlarged,  with 
diarrhoea*     Desire  for  ice-cold  things.     Hoarseness, 

Acne*     Itching  in  evening  on  undressing. 

ASPARAGUS    OFFICINALIS- 
(Common  Garden  A&paragtts.) 

Its  marked  and  immediate  action  on  the  urinary 
secretion  is  well  known.  It  causes  weakness  and 
cardiac  depression.     Rheumatic  pains » 

Head* — Confused.  Coryzaj  with  profuse  thin 
fluid,  Aching  in  forehead  and  root  of  nose*  Throat 
feels  rough,  with  hawking  copious  tenacious  mucus 
from  throat. 

Urine, ^Frequent,  with  fine  stitches  iti  orifice  of 
urethra:  burning;  of  peculiar  odor*  Cystitis,  with 
pus  and  mucus  and  tenesmus.     Lithiasis. 

Heart. — Palpitation,  with  oppression  of  chest. 
Pulse  -weak,  pain  about  left  shoulder  and  heart  as- 
sociated with  bladder  disturbances.  Great  oppres- 
sion in  breathing.     Hydrothorax. 

Extremities  .^Rheumatic  pain  in  back^  especially 
near  shoulder  and  limbs.  Pain  at  acromion  process 
of  left  scapula  under  clavicle  and  down  arm,  w-ith 

eble  pylse. 

Relationship.— Antidote :    Aeon.;  Ap4s. 

Compare:    Diptal.;  Sat  sap,;  Spigelia. 

Dose.^Thsrd  to  sixth  potency, 


92  ASPIDOSPERMA ASTACUS ASTERIAS 

ASPIDOSPERMA. 
(Quebracho.) 

An  effective  remedy  in  many  cases  of  asthma.  It 
stimulates  the  respiratory  centers  and  increases  the 
oxygen  in  the  blood.  "Want  of  breath"  during  ex- 
ertion is  the  guiding  symptom.     Cardiac  asthma. 

Relationship. — Compare:    Coco;  Arsenic;  Coffea. 

Dose. — First  trituration  or  tincture. 

ASTACUS. 
(Crawfish.) 

Skin  symptoms  most  important.      Urticaria. 

Skin. — Nettle-rash  over  whole  body.  Itching. 
Crusta  lactea,  with  enlarged  lymphatic  glands.  Ery- 
sipelas, and  liver  affections  with  nettle-rash.  Swelling 
of  cervical  glands.     Jaundice. 

Fever. — Inward  chilliness;  very  sensitive  to  air, 
worse  uncovering;  violent' fever,  with  headache. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Bomhyx  (Urticaria); 
Apis;  Rhus;  Nat.  m.;  Homar.  Antidotes,  Poison 
Oak. 

Dose. — Third  to  thirtieth  potency. 

ASTERIAS    RUBENS. 

(Red  Starfish.) 

A  remedy  for  the  sycotic  diathesis,  flabby,  lym- 
phatic constitution.  Nervous  disturbances,  neural- 
gias, chorea,  and  hysteria  come  within  the  range  of 
this  remedy      Has  been  used  for  cancer  of  the  br^st, 


ASTER  I  AS    RUBENS,  93 

and  has  an  unquestioned  influence  over  cancer  dis- 
ease.    Excitement  in  both  sexes. 

Head. — Cannot  bear  contradiction.  Shocks  in 
brain;  throbbing;  hea^  in  head,  as  tf  surrounded  by 
hot  air.     Face  red. 

Female, — Colic  and  other  sufferings  cease  with  ap- 
pearance of  flow.  Breasts  s^v^ell,  and  pain  in  breasts; 
worse  left.  Excitement  of  sexual  instinct  with  ner- 
vous agitation.  i 

Chest. — ^Breasts  swollen^  indurated.  Neuralgia 
of  left  breast  and  arm.  [Brom]  Pain  under  ster- 
num and  in  muscles  of  pra^cordial  region.  Lsft 
breast  }eeU  as  if  pulled  inward^  and  pain  extends  over 
inner  arm  to  end  of  little  finger.  Numbness  of  hands 
and  fingers  of  left  side.  Cancer  mafn-mm  even  in  ul* 
C€raiivG  stage.  Acuh\  lancinaUng  pain.  A^iUary 
glands  sufolkm  hard  and  knoited. 

Hervous  System.- — Gait  unsteady;  muscles  refuse 
to  obey  the  wilL  Epilepsy,  preceded  by  twitching 
Over  wbole  body. 

Stool.- — Constipation*  Ineffectual  desire,  Stool 
like  olives.  I>iarThcea,  watery  brown,  gushing  out 
in  jet, 

Skin.— Destitute  of  pliabiHty  and  elasticity.  Itch- 
ing spots,     Ulcers*  with  fetid  ichon     Acne. 

Relationship, — ^Antidotes:    Plumb.;  Zinc. 
Compare:     Com  urn;  Cmh^;  Ars.;  Condnrango. 
incompatible:    Nux;  Coffea^ 

Modalities. — Worse,  coffee,  night;  cold  damp 
weather.     Left  side. 

Dose. — First  to  thirtieth  potency. 


94  ATHAMANTA — AURUM    METALLICUM. 

ATHAMANTA. 

(Mountain  Parsley.) 

Head. — Vertigo;  better  lying  down.  Ears  feel 
stopped  up.     Head  confused. 

Stomach. — Bitter  taste  and  saliva. 
Extremities. — Hands  and  feet  icy  cold.  [Campk.] 

AURUM    METALLICUM. 

Given  full  play,  Aurum  develops  in  the  organism, 
by  attacking  the  blood,  glands,  and  bones,  condi- 
tions bearing  striking  resemblance  to  mercurial  and 
syphilitic  infections;  and  it  is  just  for  such  deteriora- 
tions of  the  bodily  fluids  and  alterations  in  the  tissues 
that  Aurum  assumes  great  importance  as  a  remedy. 
Like  the  victim  of  syphilis,  mental  states  of  great 
depression  are  produced  by  it.  Hopeless,  despond- 
ent, and  great  desire  to  commit  suicide.  Every  oppor- 
tunity is  sought  for  self-destruction.  Exostosis, 
caries,  nightly  bone-pains,  especially  cranial,  nasal, 
and  palatine.  Glands  swollen,  in  scrofulous  sub- 
jects. Palpitation  and  congestions.  Frequently  in- 
dicated in  secondary  syphilis  and  effects  of  menniry. 
This  use  of  gold  as  an  anti-venereal  and  anti-scrofu- 
lous remedy  is  very  old,  but  has  been  well-nigh  for- 
gotten by  the  old  school  until  rediscovered  and 
placed  on  its  scientific  basis  by  homoeopathy,  and 
now  it  can  never  be  lost  again.  When  syphilis  is  im- 
planted on  the  scrofulous  constitution,  we  have  one 
of  the  most  intractable  morbid  conditions,  and  gold 
seems  to  be  especially  suited  to  this  vile  combina- 
tion     Ennui.     Ozaena;  sexual  hyperaesthesia. 

Mind, — Profound    despondency,    with    thorough 


AURUM    METALLICUM.  1^5 

disgust  far  life,  aTid  thoughts  of  suicide.  Talks  of 
CfymmiiUng  suicide.  Great  fear  of  death.  Peevish 
and  vehemept  at  least  contradiction,  Anthropo- 
phobia.  Mental  derangements.  Constant  rapid 
questioning  without  watting  for  reply.  Pining  boys ; 
low  spirited,  lifeksSt  weak  memory.  Cannot  do 
things  fast  enough.     Oversensitive.     [Staph ^;  Asaf.] 

Head, — Violent  pain  in  head;  worse  at  night,  out- 
ward pressure.  Roaring  in  head.  Tearing  through 
brain  to  forehead.  Pain  in  bones  extending  to  face. 
Congestion  to  head. 

Eyes, — Extreme  photophobia.  Great  soreness  all 
about  the  eyes  and  into  eyeballs.  Double  vision; 
upper  half  of  objects  invisible  Feel  tense.  Sees 
fiery  objects ►  Violent  pains  in  bones  aro\md  eye* 
[Asaf.] 

Interstitial  keratitis.  Vascular  cornea.  Pains 
from  without  inward.  Sticking  pains  inward.  Tra- 
choma with  pannus. 

Ears. — Caries  of  ossicula  and  of  mastoid.  Obsti- 
nate fetid  otorrkita  after  scarlatina.  External  meatus 
bathed  in  pus. 

Nose. —  Ulcerated,  painful,  swollen,  obstructed. 
Inflamfnation  of  nose;  caries;  fetid  discharge,  puru- 
lent, bloody.  Boring  pains  in  nose;  worse  at  night. 
Putrid  ^mell  from  nose.  Sensitive  smell,  [CarboL 
Of.)     Horrible  odor  from  nose  and  mouth. 

Mouth.— Foul  brea,th  in  girls  at  puberty.  Taste 
ptitrid  or  bitter.     Ulceration  of  gum*i. 

Face. — Tearing  in  zygoma.  Mastoid  and  other 
facial  bones  inflamed. 

Throat. — ^ Stitches  when  swallowing ;  pain  in  glands. 
Caries  of  the  jmlate. 


q6  arum  metallicum. 

Stomach. — ^Appetite  and  thirst  increased  with 
qualmishness.  Swelling  of  epigastrium.  Burning 
at -stomach  and  hot  eructations. 

Abdomen. — Right  hypochondrium  hot  and  pain- 
ful. Incarcerated  flatus.  Swelling  and  suppura- 
tion of  inguinal  glands. 

Urine. — Turbid,  like  buttermilk,  with  thick  sedi- 
ment.    Painful  retention. 

Rectum. — Constipation,  stools  hard  and  knotty. 
Nocturnal  diarrhoea,  with  burning  in  rectum. 

Male. — Pain  and  swelling  of  testicles.  Chronic  in- 
duration of  testicles.  Violent  erections.  Atrophy 
of  testicles  in  boys.     Hydrocele. 

Female. — Great  sensitiveness  of  vagina.  Uterus 
enlarged   and    prolapsed.     Sterility;   vaginismus. 

Heart. — Sensation  as  if  the  heart  stopped  beating 
for  two  or  three  seconds,  immediately  followed  by  a 
tumultuous  rebound  with  sinking  at  the  epigastrium. 
Palpitation.  Pulse  rapid,  feeble,  irregular.  Hyper- 
trophy. 

Respiratory. — Dyspnoea  at  night.  Frequent  deep 
breathing;  stitches  in  sternum. 

Bones. — Destruction  of  bones,  like  secondary 
syphilis.  Caries  of  the  nasal,  palatine,  and  niastoid 
bones. 

Extremities. — All  the  blood  seems  to  rush  from 
head  to  lower  limbs.  Dropsy  of  lower  limbs.  Or- 
gasm, as  if  blood  were  boiling  in  all  veins.  Para- 
lytic, tearing  pains  in  joints.     Knees  weak. 

Sleep. — Sleepless.  Sobs  aloud  in  sleep.  Frightful 
dreams. 

Modalities. — Worse,  in  cold  weather  when  getting 


AUft.    MET.— AUIl.    Mtrn.    NAt.  g) 

cold.  Many  complaints  come  on  only  in  winter j 
from  sunset  to  sunrise. 

Relationship,— Compare:  Aur.  ars.  {in  syphilitic 
headaches  and  lupus ;  also  in  anemia  and  chlorosis. 
It  causes  rapid  increase  of  appetite.) 

Aur.  hrom.  (in  headaches  with  neurasthenia, 
niegrim,  night  terrors,  valvular  diseases 0 

Aur.  mur.  (Burning,  yellow,  acrid  leucorrhoea; 
heart  symptoms,  glandular  affections;  warts  on 
tongue  and  genitals;  sclerotic  and  exudative  degen- 
eration of  the  nervous  system-     Second  trituration.) 

Aur.  mur.  Kali.  (In  uterine  induration  and  hsem- 
orrhage.) 

Aur.  iod.  (Chronic  pericarditis,  valvular  diseases, 
arterio-sclerosis,  ozajna,  lupus,  osteitis,  ovarian  cysts, 
nrvyomata  uteri,  are  pathological  lesions  that  offer 
favorable  ground  for  the  action  of  this  };jowerfnl 
drug.     Senile  paresis,) 

At4r.  sulpk.  (Paralysis  agitans,  constant  nodding 
of  the  head),  affections  of  mamm^  (swelling,  pain, 
cracked  nipples  with  lancinating  pains). 

Also,  Asaf^t.  (in  caries  of  bones  of  ears  and  nose). 
Syphilin,  Kali  iod.;  Hep.;  Merc;  Mez.;  Nit.  ac; 
Phosph. 

Antidotes:     BdL;  Cinch.;  Cupr.;  Merc. 

Dose* — ^Third  to  thirtieth  potency, 

AURtTM  MURIATICUM  NATRON ATUM, 

(Sodium  CMoro  Aurate.) 

This  remedy  has  a  most  pronounced  effect  on  the 
female  organs,  and  most  of  its  clinical  application 
bas  been  based  thereon.     Psoriasis  syphilitica. 

Tongue.— Burning,  stitches,  and  indur alion. 


98    AUR.    MUR.    NAT. AVENA  AZADIR. BACCIL. 

Female. — Coldness  in  abdomen.  Chronic  metritis 
and  prolapsus.  Uterus  fills  up  whole  pelvis.  Ul- 
ceration of  neck  of  womb  and  vagina.  Leucorrhoea, 
with  spasmodic  contraction  of  vagina.  Ovaries  in- 
durated.    Ovarian  dropsy.     Sub-involution. 

Dose. — Second  and  third  trituration. 

AVENA   SATIVA. 
(Common  Oat.) 

Nervous  exhaustion,  sexual  debility,  and  the  mor- 
phine habit  call  for  this  remedy  in  rather  material 
dosage.  Debility  after  exhausting  diseases.  Sper- 
matorrhoea due  to  debility.     Colds.     Alcoholism. 

Mind. — Inability  to  keep  mind  on  any  one  sub- 
ject.    Sleeplessness,  especially  of  alcoholics. 

Dose. — Tincture  two  to  twenty  drop  doses. 

AZADIRACHTA    INDICA. 
(Margosa  Bark.) 

An  afternoon  fever  and  rheumatic  pains  in  various 
parts  are  caused  by  this  remedy.  Pain  in  stemvun 
and  ribs,  in  back  and  shoulders  and  extremities; 
heat  and  pricking  and  aching  in  hands,  especially 
palms  and  fingers,  also  toes. 

Fever. — Slight  chill,  afternoon  fever,  glowing  heat 
in  face,  hands,  and  feet,  copious  sweat  on  upper  part 
of  body. 

BACCILLINUM. 

A  Maceration  of  a  Typical  Tuberculosus  Lung. 

Has  been  employed  successfully  in  the  treatment 
of  tuberculosis,  its  good  effects  §een  in  the  change  of 
the  sputum,   which   becomes  decreased  and  more 


BACCJLLINLM  —  BADIAGA*  qg 

aerated  and  less  purulent.  Many  forms  of  chronic 
non- tubercular  disease  are  influenced  favorably  by 
Bacillinum,  especially  when  bronchorrhoea  and 
dyspnoea  are  present  the  patient  expecUwaUs  less. 

BacilUnum  is  especially  indicated  for  lungs  of  old 
people,  with  chronic  catarrhal  condition  and  en- 
feebled pulmonary  ciTculation*  attacks  of  suffocE' 
tion  at  night  with  difficult  qough.  Tubercular  men- 
ingitis, I  , 

Respiratory  Organs.^ — Oppression,  Dyspnara  re- 
sulting jrofH  nutce- purulent  expectoralion.  Catarrhal 
dyspfUEa.  Asthma  {humid).  Constant  disposition 
to  take  cold. 

Skin,— Ringworm  of  the  scalp  i  pityriasis.  Ec- 
zema of  eyelids. 

Modalities* — Worse  night  and  early  morriing;  cold 
air. 

Relationship. — Anltmon.  iod.:  Loch.;  Arsenic, 
iad^;    Myosotis. 

Complementary:    Calc.  pkos.;  Kali  cart. 

Compare:  Tuherculinum;  Psarinum.  BaciUin. 
testium  (acts  especially  on  lower  half  of  the  body). 

Dose. — The  dose  is  important^  Should  not  be 
given  below  the  thirtieth,  and  not  repeated  fre- 
quently. 

BAPIAGA. 
(Fresh- water  Sponge.) 

Soreness  of  muscles  and  integuments;  worse  mo- 
tion  and  friction  of  clothes  with  sensitiveness  to  cold. 
Glands  swollen-     General  paresis. 

Head. — Sensation  of  enlargement  and  fullness. 
Pain  in  forehead  and  temple,  extending  to  eyeballs , 
worse  in  afternoon,     Blueness  under  eyes,     Dan- 


lOO  BADIAGA BALSAMUM    PERUVIAN  UM, 

druff ;  scalp  sore,  Coryza,  sneezing  and  watery  dis- 
charge with  asthmatic  breathing  and  suffocative 
cough.  Inflvienza.  [!Vat.  hulph.;  Cepa;  I  pec] 
Slight  Bounds  are  greatly  accentuated.  Intermit- 
tent sore  pain  in  eyeball,  coming  on  at  3  p.  m. 

Respiratory. — Cough;  worse  in  afternoon  *  better 
in  warm  room.  The  mucus  flies  out  of  fHouth  and 
nustfiis.  Whooping-cough  with  thick  yellow  ex- 
pectoration; flies  out.  Hay -fever  with  asthmatic 
breathing.  Pleuritic  stitches  in  chesty  neck,  and 
back. 

Stomach,— Mouth  hot.  Much  thirst.  Lancinat- 
ing pain  in  pit  of  stomach  extending  to  vertebra  and 
scapula. 

Female, — Metrorrhagia;  worse  at  night,  with  feel- 
ing of  enlarijement  of  head,  [.^fg-]  Cancer  of 
breast      [Astertas;  Con.;  Carbo  an.;  Plumb,  tod.] 

Back. — Stitches  in  nape,  scapulte.  Pain  in  small 
of  back,  hips  and  lowei  limbs.  Very  stiff  neck. 
Muscles  and  skin  sore,  as  if  beaten. 

Relationship, — Compare:  Sponpa;  Kaii  hyd.; 
Pkyiol  ;  Conium. 

Complementary;   Sulph.;  Merc;  lod. 

Dose,— First  to  sixth  attetination. 

BALSAMUM    PERUVIAHUM, 
(Peruvian  Balsam 0 

Useful  in  bronchial  catarrh  with  copious  purulent 
expectoration. 

Noae,^ — ^Profuse,  thick  discharge,  Ec»ema»  with 
ulceration.     Chronic  fetid  nasal  catarrh. 

Stomach,^ Vomiting  of  food  and  mucus. 


BALSAM  LM    TERUVIAKUM BAPTISIA,  lOI 

Chest. — Bron(?hitis.  with  muco -purulent,  thick, 
cTeamy  expectoration.  Loud  rales  m  chest.  [Kali 
stilph.;  Ant.  tart.]  Very  loose  cough.  Hectic  fever 
and  night  sweats. 

Urine. — Scanty:  much  mucous  sediment*  Ca* 
tarrh  of  bladder.     YChtmaph.] 

D  ose. — First  at  t  enuation . 

Extra  homoeopathic  uses  locally  i-^As  a  stimulant 
to  raw  surfaces  in  indolent  ulcers,  scabies,  cracked 
nipples,  rhagades,  itch.  Internally,  as  an  expec- 
torant in  chronic  bronchitis.  Dose  5  to  15  M,,  made 
into  an  emulsion  with  mucilage  or  yolk  of  ^%%. 

BAPTISIA. 

(Wild  Indigo.) 

ITie  symptoms  of  this  drug  are  of  an  asthenic 
type,  simulating  low  fevers,  septic  conditions  of  the 
bloody  malarial  poisoning,  and  extreme  prostration. 
Indescribable  sick  feeling.  Great  muscular  soreness 
and  putrid  phenomena  always  are  present.  All  the 
secretions  are  offensive — breath »  stool,  urine,  sweat, 
etc.      Epidemic  influenza. 

Mind, — Wild,  w^andering  feeling.  Inability  to 
think.  Brain-fag*  Ideas  confused.  Thinks  he  is 
broken  or  double ,  and  tosses  about  the  bed  trying  to  get 
pieces  together.  [Cajepui.]  Delirium,  wandering, 
muttering.  Perfect  indifference.  Falls  asleep  while 
being  spoken  to.     Melancholia,  with  stnj:ior. 

Head. — Vertigo;  pressure  at  root  of  nose.  Skin 
of  forehead  feels  tight;  seems  drawn  to  back  of  head 
Feels  too  largi ,  heavy,  nvtnb.  Soreness  of  eyeballs. 
Brain  feels  sore.  Stupor;  falls  asleep  while  spoken 
to.     Early  deafness  in  typhoid  conditions. 


* 


I02  BAPTISIA. 

Face. — Besotted  look.  Dark  red.  •  Pain  at  root  of 
nose.     Muscles  of  jaw  rigid. 

Mouth. — Taste  flat,  bitter.  Teeth  and  gums  sore, 
ulcerated.  Breath  fetid.  Tongue  feels  burned;  yel- 
lowish-brown; edges  red  and  shining.  Dry  and 
brown  in  center,  with  dry  and  glistening  edges ;  sur- 
face cracked  and  sore.  Can  swallow  liquids  only; 
least  solid  food  gags. 

Throat. — Dark  redness  of  tonsils  and  soft  palate. 
Constriction,  contraction  of  cesophagus.  [Cajeput.] 
Great  difficulty  in  swallowing  solid  food.  Painless 
sore  throat,  and  offensive  discharge.  Contraction  at 
cardiac  orifice.  Can  swallow  liquids  only.  [Nat. 
mur.;  Plumb.] 

Stomach. — No  appetite.  Constant  desire  for 
water.  Sinking  feeling  at  stomach.  Pain  in  epi- 
gastric region.  Feeling  of  a  hard  substance. 
[Abies  nig.]  All  symptoms  worse  from  beer.  [Kal. 
bich.]     Cardiac  orifice  contracted  convulsively. 

Abdomen. — Right  side  markedly  affected.  Dis- 
tended and  rtunbling.  Soreness  over  region  of  gall- 
bladder with  diarrhoea.  Stools  very  offensive,  thin, 
dark,  bloody.  Soreness  of  abdomen,  in  region  of 
liver.     Dysentery  of  old  people.     [Bapt.  leucantha] 

Female. — Threatened  miscarriage  from  mental 
depression,  shock,  watching,  low  fevers.  Menses 
too  early,  too  profuse.  Lochia  acrid,  fetid.  Puer- 
peral fever.     [Ecchin.;  Pyrog.] 

Respiratory. — Lungs  feel  compressed,  breathing 
difficult.  Fears  going  to  sleep  on  account  of  night- 
mare and  sense  of  suffocation.  Constriction  of 
chest. 

Back  and  Extremities. — Neck  tired.    Stiffness  and 


BAPTISIA BAROSMA.  lOJ 

pain,  aching  and  drawing  in  arms  and  legs.  Pain  in 
sacrum,  around  hips  and  legs.  Sore  and  bruised. 
Dectibitits. 

Sleep. — -Sleepless  and  restless.  NightmaTe  and 
fright ful  dreams.  Cannot  get  herself  together,  feels 
scattered  about  bed.  Palls  asleep  while  answering 
a  question. 

Skin. — Livid  spots  all  over  body  and  limbs* 
Burning  and  heat  in  skin.     [Arsenic,] 

Fever. — Chill,  with  rheumatic  pains  and  soreness 
all  over  body.  Heat  all  over,  with  occasional  cbillSn 
Chill  about  ii  A.  M.  Typhus  fever.  Shipboard 
fever. 

Relationship, — Compare:  RJtus;  Muriat.  acid; 
Arsenic;  Br  yon.;  Arnica;  Rcckinac;  Bapt.  leucantha. 

Baptisia  confusa,  (Pain  in  right  jaw  and  oppres- 
sion in  left  hypochondrium,  producing  dyspnoea  and 
necessity  to  assvime  erect  position.) 

Dose. — Tinctiu-e,  to  twelfth  attenuation. 

BAROSMA. 

(Buchu.) 

Marked  specific  effects  on  genito-urinary  system; 
mii^o-purtUent  discharges.  Irritable  bladder,  with 
vesical  catarrh ;  prostatic  disorders,  GraveU  Leu- 
corrhoea. 

ReJationahip,— Compare :  Copaiva;  Thuja;  Fo- 
pHlus, 

Dose. — Tincture  or  tea  from  leaves. 


I 


I04       BARYTA  ACETICA BARYTA  CARB. 

BARYTA    ACETICA. 
(Acetate  of  Baryta.) 

Mind. — Forgetful;  wavering  long  between  oppo- 
site resolutions. 

Face. — Feeling  of  cobweb  in  face. 

Extremities. — Drawing  pain  down  whole  left  leg. 
Crawling,  with  burning  stitches.     Paralysis. 

Dose. — Second  and  third  trituration. 


BARYTA    CARB. 

(Carbonate  of  Baryta.) 

This  remedy  brings  friendly  aid  to  scrofulous 
children,  especially  if  they  are  backward  mentally 
and  physically,  are  dwarfish,  do  not  grow  and  de- 
velop, have  scrofulous  ophthalmia,  swollen  abdo- 
men, take  cold  easily,  and  then  always  have  swollen 
tonsils.  Persons  subject  to  quinsy  which  is  prone  to 
suppurate;  gnmis  bleed  easily.  Diseases  of  old  men 
when  degenerative  changes  begin;  who  have  hyper- 
trophied  prostate  or  indurated  testes,  very  sensitive 
to  cold,  offensive  foot-sweats,  very  weak  and  weary, 
must  sit  or  lie  down  or  lean  on  something.  Very 
averse  to  meeting  strangers.  Catarrh  of  posterior 
nares,  with  frequent  epistaxis.  Often  useful  in  the 
dyspepsias  of  the  young  who  have  masturbated  and 
who  suffer  from  seminal  emissions  together  with 
cardiac  irritability  and  palpitation.  Affects  glandu- 
lar structures,  and  useful  in  general  degenerative 
changes,  especially  in  coats  of  arteries,  aneurism,  and 
senility.     Arterial     fibrosis.     Blood-vessels     soften 


BARYTA    CARB.  IO5 

and  degenerate,  become  distended j  and  aneurisms, 
ruptures,  and  apoplexies  result. 

Mmdp — Loss  of  memory,  mental  weakness.  Ir- 
resolute. Lost  confidence  in  himself.  Senile  de- 
mentia. Confusion.  Bashful.  Aversion  to  stran- 
gers.    Childish;  grief  over  trifles. 

Head, — Vertigo;  stitches  when  standing  in  the 
sun  extending  through  head*  Brain  feels  as  if 
loose*     Hair  falls  out.     Confusion.     Wens. 

Ears. — Hardness  of  hearing.  Cracking  noise. 
Gla?tds  around  cars  painful  and  swollen.  Rever- 
beration on  blowing  nose. 

Eyes  .^—Alternate  dilatation  and  contraction  of 
pupils.  Photophobia.  Gauze  before  eyes.  Cata- 
racts,    [Cole,;  Phos.;  SiL] 

IVose. — Dry;  sneezing;  coryza,  with  swelling  of 
upper  lip  and  nose.  Discharge  of  thick  yellow  mu- 
cus. Frequent  bleeding.  Scabs  around  wings  of 
nose. 

Face. — Pale,  puffed;  sensation  as  of  cobweb, 
[Alufnina]     Upper  lip  swollen. 

Mouth.^Awakes  with  dry  mouth.  Gums  bleed 
and  retract.  Teeth  ache  before  menses.  Mouth 
filled  with  inflamed  vesicles.  Foul  taste.  Paral- 
ysis of  tongue.  Smarting,  burning  pain  in  tip  of 
tongue.     Dribbling  of  saliva  at  dawn. 

Throat. — Subma.xillary  glands  and  tonsils  swol- 
len. Takes  cold  easily,  with  stitches  and  sniarfing 
pain^  Quinsy.  Suppurating  tonsils  from  every  cold. 
Tonsils  inflamed,  with  swollen  veins.  Smarting  pain 
when  swallowing;  worse  empty  swallowing.  Feel- 
ing of  a  plug  in  pharynx.  Can  only  swallow  liquids. 
Spasm  of  oesophagus  as  soon  as  food  enters  oesopha* 


Io6  BARYTA     CARP, 

gtis,   causes  gagging  and   choking,         {Merc.   carM 
Graphit^] 

Stomach. — Waterbrash<  hiccough,  and  eructatioif' 
which  relieves  pressure  as  of  a  stone.  Htrngry,  but 
refuses  food.  Pain  and  weight  imTnediately  after  a 
meal,  with  epigastric  tenderness,  [Kali  carb.] 
Worse  after  warm  food. 

Abdomen. — Hard  and  tense,  distended.  Colicky, 
Enlarged  mesenteric  glands.  Pain  in  abdomen  swal- 
lowing food.  Habitual  coUc,  with  hunger,  but  food 
is  reused. 

Urinary »— Every  time  patient  urinates^,  bis  piles 
come  down.  Urging  to  urinate.  Burning  in  ure- 
thra on  urinating.  M 

Rectum. — Constipation,  with  hard,  knotty  stools" 
Haemorrhoids  protrude  on  urinating.  CrawUng  in 
rectuni.     Oozing  at  anus. 

Male, — Diminished    desire    and    premature 
Ijpotence.     Enlarged  prostate.    [Thuja.;  Arg.  nit.} 

Female  .^Before  menses,  pain  in  stomach  and 
small  of  back.     Menses  scanty. 

Respiratory.^Dry,   suffocative  cough,   especially 
rin  old  people.     [Sen^.^ga.]     Larynx  feels  as  if  smoke 
were  inhaled.     Chronic  aphonia.     Stitches  in  chest; 
worse,  inspiration.     Palpitation  and  distress  m  r^^J 
gton  of  heart.     Aneurism*     [Lycop.]  ^H 

Back ,  — Swollen  gia nds  in  nape  and  occiput.  Fatty 
tumors  about  neck.  Bruised  pain  between  scapulae. 
Stiffness  in  sacrum.     Weakness  of  spine.  ^H 

Extremities. — Pain    in    axillary    glands.        Coltl^* 
clammy   feet,     [Cak.\      Fetid  foot-sweats.     Numb- 
ness of  Hmbs,     Numb  feeling  from  knees  to  scrotum ; 
disappears  when  sitting  down.     Toes  and  soles  sore; 


M 


r 


BARYTA  CARB. BARYTA  lOD. — BARYTA  MIR,  TO?! 

soles  painful  when  walldng.     Pain  in  joints;  bum-] 
ing  pains  in  lower  limbs. 

Sleep. — Talking    in    sleep;    awakens    frequently; J 
feels  too  hot.     Twitching  during  sleep » 

Modalities. — Worst\  while  thinking  of  sjmiptoms; 
from  washing;  lying  on  painful  side.  Better ^  walk- 
ing in  open  air.  I 

Relationship.^ — Compare:  Si/ira;  Ps&rin-     Incom- ^ 
patible:    Catc. 

Dose. — Third  to  thirtieth  potency^  the  latter  to 
remove  the  predisposition  to  quinsy. 


b 


BARYTA    lODATA. 

(Iodide  of  Baryta,) 

Acts  on  the  lymphatic  system,  increased  leucoA 
cytosis.  Quinsy.  Indurated  glands ^  especially  ton-^i 
sUs.  Strumous  ophthalmia,  with  tumefaction  of  j 
cervical  glands  and  stunted  growth. 

Relations  hip,  ^-Compare;  Aeon,  lycoionum.  (swell- 
ing of  cervical,  axillary,  and  mammary  glands). 
Lapis;  Con.;  Merc,  iod.;  Carbo  an. 

Dose.— Second  and  third  trituration, 

BARYTA    MURIATIC  A, 

(Barium  Chloride, ) 

The  different  salts  of  Baryta  are  called  for  in  or-^ 
ganic  lesions  of  the  aged  and  dwarfish,  both  men- 
tally and  physically. 

This  remedy  has  induration  and  narrowing  of  the 
cardiac  orifice  mth  pain  immediately  after  eating 
and  epigastric  tenderness,  which  has  been  repeat* 
edly  verified :  also  its  use  in  aneurism  and  chronic  I 


lo8  BARYTA    MURIATICA BELLADONNA. 

hypertrophy  of  the  tonsils.  Nymphomania  and 
satyriasis.  Icy  coldness  of  body,  with  paralysis. 
Multiple  sclerosis  of  brain  and  cord.  Voluntary 
muscular  power  gone  but  perfectly  sensible.  Paresis 
after  influenza  and  diphtheria. 

Ears. — Whizzing  and  buzzing.  Noises  on  chew- 
ing and  swallowing,  or  sneezing.  Earache;  better 
sipping  cold  water.  Parotids  swollen.  Offensive 
otorrhcea.     Inflates  middle  ear  on  blowing  nose. 

Throat. — Difficult  swallowing.  Tonsils  enlarged. 
Paresis  of  pharynx  and  eustachian  tubes,  with  sneez- 
ing and  noises.     Tubes  feel  too  wide  open. 

Stomach. — Gone  feeUng  at  epigastrium.  Retch- 
ing and  vomiting.  Sensation  of  heat  ascending  to 
head. 

Abdomen. — ^Throbbing;  [Selen.]  induration  of 
pancreas;  abdominal  aneurism.  Inguinal  glands 
swollen. 

Relationship. — Compare  in  sclerotic  degenera- 
tions, especially  of  spinal  cord,  liver,  and  heart, 
Plumbum  met.  and  Plumb,  iod.  Also  Aurum  mur., 
(which  will  often  accomplish  more  in  sclerotic  and 
exudative  degenerations  than  other  remedies.  Mul- 
tiple sclerosis,  fulgurating  pains,  tremors,  Morvan's 
disease,  hypertrophy  of  fingers.) 

Dose. — Third  trituration. 

BELLADONNA. 

(Deadly  Nightshade.) 

Belladonna  acts  upon  every  part  of  the  nervous 
system,  producing  active  congestion,  furious  excite- 
ment, perverted  special  senses,  twitching,  convul- 
sions and  pain.     It  has  a  marked  action  on  the  vas- 


BELLADONNA. 


Tog 


cular  systean,  skin  and  glands.  Belladonna  always 
is  associated  with  hot,  red  skin,  flushed  face^  glaring 
eyes,  throbbing  carotids,  excited  mental  state,  hy- 
persEsthesia  of  all  senses,  delirium,  restless  sleep, 
convulsive  movements,  dryness  of  mouth  and  throat 
with  aversion  to  water^  neuralgic  pains  that  come 
and  go  suddenly.  Heat,  redness,  throbbing  and  burn- 
ing- Great  children's  remedy.  Epileptic  spasms 
followed  by  nausea  and  vomiting.  Scarlet  fever  and 
also  prophylactic.  Here  use  the  thirtieth  potency. 
Mind. — Hallucinations;  sees  monsters,  hideous 
faces.  Delirium;  frightful  images;  furious;  rages, 
bites,  strikes;  desire  to  escape.  Loss  of  conscious- 
ness. Disinclined  to  talk.  Perversity,  with  tears. 
Acuteness  of  ail  senses. 

Head, — Vertigo,  with  falling  to  left  side  or  back- 
wards. Sensitive  to  least  contact.  Much  throb- 
bing and  heat.  Pain ;  fullness  especially  in  forehead, 
also  occiput,  and  temples.  Headache  from  sup- 
pressed catarrhal  flow.  Sudden  outcries.  Pain 
worse  lights  noise,  jar,  lying  down,  and  in  afternoon; 
better  by  pressure  and  semi-erect  postiu-e,  Boring 
of  head  into  pillow;  drawn  backward  and  rolls  from 
side  to  side.  Constant  moaning.  Hair  splits;  is 
dry  and  comes  out.  HeadacVie  worse  on  right  side 
and  when  lying  down;  from  having  hair  cut. 

Face, — Red,  hot,  swollen,  shining;  convulsive 
motion  of  muscles  of  face.      Swelling  of  upper  lip. 

Eyes» — Throbbing  deep  in  eyes  on  lying  down. 
Pupils  dilated.  Eyes  feel  swollen  and  protruding, 
staring,  brilliant;  conjunctiva  red;  dry,  burn;  pho- 
tophobia; shooting  in  eyes.  Ocular  illusions;  fiery 
appearance.      Diplopia*  squinting,  spasms  of  lids. 

Ears.— Tearing  pain.      Humming  ivoises.      '^tem- 


« 


4 


no  BELLADONNA. 

brana  tympani  bulges  and  injected.  Parotid  gland 
swollen.  Sensitive  to  loud  tones.  Hearing  very 
acute.  Otitis  media.  Pain  causes  delirium.  Child 
cries  out  in  sleep;  throbbing  and  beating  pain  deep 
in  ear  synchronous  with  heart  beat. 

Nose. — Imaginary  odors.  Tingling  in  tip  of  nose. 
Red  and  swollen.  Bleeding  of  nose,  with  red  face. 
Coryza;  mucus  mixed  with  blood. 

Mouth. — Dry.  Throbbing  pain  in  teeth.  Gum- 
boil. Tongue  red  on  edges.  Strawberry  tongue. 
Grinding  of  teeth.  Tongue  swollen  and  painful. 
Stammering.     [Stram.] 

Throat. — Dry,  as  if  glazed;  red;  worse  on  right 
side.  Tonsils  enlarged;  throat  feels  constricted; 
difficult  deglutition,  worse  liquids.  Sensation  of  a 
lump.  CEsophagus  dry;  feels  contracted.  Spasms 
in  throat.  Continual  inclination  to  swallow.  Sci ap- 
ing sensation.     Muscles  of  deglutition  very  sensitive. 

Stomach. — Loss  of  appetite.  Averse  to  meat  and 
milk.  Spasmodic  pain  in  epigastrium.  Constric- 
tion; pain  runs  to  spine.  Nausea  and  vomittsg. 
Great  thirst  for  cold  water.  Spasms  of  stomach. 
Empty  retching.  Abhorrence  of  liquids.  Spas- 
modic hiccough.  Aversion  to  water.  Dread  of 
drinking. 

Abdomen. — Distended,  hot.  Transverse  colon 
protrudes  Uke  a  pad.  Tender,  swollen.  Pain  as  if 
clutched  by  a  hand;  worse,  jar,  pressure.  Cutting 
pain  across;  stitches  in  left  side  of  abdomen,  when 
coughing,  sneezing,  or  touching  it.  Extreme  sen- 
sitiveness to  touch,  bed-clothes,  etc.     [Laches.l 

Stools. — ^Thin,  green,  dysenteric;  in  lumps  like 
chalk.     Shuddering  during  stool.     Stinging  pain  in 


w 


BELLADOXNAh 


rectum;  spasmodic  stricture.  Piles  most  sensitive 
with  backache*     Prolapsus  ani.     [Ignatia;  Podapk,] 

Urine, — Sensation  of  motion  in  bladder  as  of  a 
worm.  Urine  scanty,  with  tenesmus;  dark  and  tur- 
bid ^  loaded  with  phosphates.  Vesical  region  sensi- 
tive. Incontinence,  continuous  dropping.  Fre- 
quent and  profuse. 

Male. — ^Testicles  hard,  drawn  up,  inflamed.  Noc- 
turnal sweat  of  genitals.  Plow  of  prostatic  fltiid. 
Desire  dtminishedH 

Female. ^ — Sensitive  forcing  downwards,  as  i}  all 
the  ifiscera  would  protrude  at  genitals.  Dryness  and 
heat  of  vagina,  Dragging  around  loios.  Pain  in 
sacrum.  Menses  increased;  bright  red^  to&  earlyt  too 
pr&fuse.  Htrmorrkage  hot.  Cutting  pain  from  hip 
to  hip.  Menses  and  lochia  very  offensive  and  hoL 
Labor-pains  come  and  go  suddenly.  Mastitis,  pain, 
throbbing,  redness,  streaks  radiate  from  nipple. 
Breasts  feel  heavy;  are  hard  and  red.  Badly  smell- 
ing haemorrhages,  hot  gushes  of  blood.  Diminished 
lochia. 

Respiratory,— Dryness  in  nose,  fauces,  larynx, 
and  trachea.  Tickling,  short,  dry  cough:  worse  at 
night.  Larynx  feels  sore.  Respiration  oppressed, 
quick,  unequal.  Hoarse;  loss  of  voice.  Barking 
coughs  w^hooping  cough,  with  pain  in  stomach  before 
attack,  with  expectoration  of  blood.  Stitches  in 
chest  when  coughing.  Larynx  very  painful,'  feels 
as  if  a  foreign  body  were  in  it,  with  cough.  High, 
piping  voice.     Moaning  at  every  breath. 

Heart. — Violent  palpitation,  reverberating  in 
head,  with  labored  breathing. 

Extremities .  ~Sh  ooting  pa  im  along  limbs .    ^ wivXs 


I 


113  BEtLADONNA, 

fiwollen,  red,  shining,  with  red  streaks  radiatiug. 
Tottering  gait.  Shifting  rheumatic  pains.  PMeg- 
masia  alba  dolens.  Jerking  limbs*  Spasms*  In- 
voltmtary  Umping. 

Back, — Stiff  neck.  SufelHng  of  glands  of  neck. 
Pain  in  nape^  as  if  it  would  break.  Pressure  oo 
dorsal  rcgicm  most  painful.  Lumbago,  with  pain  in 
hips  aud  thighs. 

Skin, — Dry  and  hot:  swollen,  sensitive;  bimas. 
scarlet T  .smooth.  Eruption  like  scarlatina,  suddenly 
spreading.  Erythema;  pustules  on  face.  Glands 
swollen,  tender,  red.     Bails. 

Fever, — Burning,  fmngeni  hcaL  Feet  icy  cold. 
Superficial  blood-vessels  distended.  Perspiration 
only  on  head>     No  ikirsi  with  fever. 

Sleep, — Rest  less  J  crying  out,  gritting  of  teeth. 
Kept  awake  by  pulsation  of  blood-vessels.  Screams 
out  in  sleep.  Sleeplessness,  with  drowsloess,  Stafi- 
ing  when  dosing  the  eyes  or  during  skep.  Sleeps 
w^ith  hands  under  head.     [Ars.;  Plai.] 

Modalities. — Worse  touch,  jar,  noise,  draugh^ 
afternoon,  lying  down.     Better  semi-erect. 

Relatioiiship,^<;ompare:  Hy&s,  {less  fever,  mi 
agitation.)  {Strang;  more  sensorial  excitemi 
frenayO;  ^4 con.;  Cham.;  Ver.  phos,;  Gels.;  Gltrn^ 
Cak.t  which  is  often  required  after  BeiL;  Atropia, 
(almost  identical  in  action,  with  accentuation  of  the 
nervous  phenomena;  chronic  stomach  affections, 
with  great  pain  and  vomiting  of  all  food.  Perito- 
nitis. All  kind  of  illusions  of  sight.  Everything 
appears  large.  {Plaiina  opposite.)  Motes  over 
everything.  Affinity  for  the  pancre-as.  Hyperacid- 
ity of  stomach.     Paroxysm  of  gastric  pain.) 


BELLAnONNA — BELLIS    PERBNNIS.  II  J 

Antidotes:  Catnpk.;  Coff>;  Opium;  Aeon. 

Complementary:  Calc, 

Incompatible:  Acet.  ac. 

Dofie. — First  to  thirtieth  potency  and  higher. 
Must  be  repeated  freqtiently  in  acute  diseases. 

Fon-HQmoQopatbic  Uses- — Atrapia  and  its  salts 
are  used  for  ophthalmic  purposes,  to  dilate  the  pupil 
and  paralyze  the  accommodation. 

Given  internally  or  hypodermically,  it  is  antago- 
nistic to  Opium  and  Morphine,  Physostignia  and 
Prussic  Acid. 

Atropia  1-20  gr.  is  antagonistic  to  i  gr.  Morphine. 

Also  used  a>s  a  local  anaesthetic,  antispasmodic*  and 
to  dry  up  secret  ions ,  milk,  etc.  (Homceopathicallyj 
Atropin  is  used  for  all  kinds  of  illusions  of  vision. 
Everything  appears  large.  Motes  over  everything. 
1  ndist  inct  art ic  ulation . ) 

Dose,' — Atropia;  Sulpk.  — —  ^  grain. 

BELLIS    PERENI7I5. 
(Dai^yO 

It  acts  upon  the  muscular  fibres  of  the  blood-ves- 
sels.    After  gout  debiUty  of  limbs.     [Cyprip.] 

Traumatism  of  the  pelvic  organs,  aiTto-traunia- 
tism^  expresses  the  condition  calling  for  this  remedy; 
ill  effects  from  masturbation.  Excellent  remedy  for 
sprains  and  bruises.  Complaints  due  to  cold  food  or 
drink  when  the  body  is  heated,  and  in  affections  due 
to  cold  wind.  Externally  in  naevi.  Acne.  Boils 
aU  <wer.  Sore^  bruised  fseltng  in  th£f  pelvic  region. 
Exudations,  stasis,  swelUngs  come  within  the  range 
of  this  remedy. 

He&d. — Vertigo    in    eMerly     people,     He^dacVt^ 


* 


114  BELLI8    fKftfiMKia— BBNZlNClf. 

from  occiput  to  top  of  head.  Forehead  feels  con- 
tracted.    Bruised  soreness. 

Female. — Breasts  and  uterus  engorged.  Varicose 
veins  in  pregnancy.  During  pregnancy  inability  to 
walk.     Abdominal  muscles  lame.      Uterus  feels  sort. 

Sleep. — Wakes  early  in  morning  and'  cannot  get 
to  sleep  again. 

Abdomen. — Soreness  of  abdominal  walls  and  of 
uterus.     Stitches  in  spleen. 

Skin. — Boils.  Ecchymosis  and  swelling  and  very 
sensitive  to  touch.  Venous  congestion  due  to  me- 
chanical causes. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Arnica;  Arsenic;  Ha- 
mam.;  Staphis. 

Modalities. — Worse  left  side. 

Dose. — Tincture,  to  third  potency. 

BENZmUM. 
(Benzine.) 

Sense  of  falling  through  bed  and  floor.  Pains 
from  below  upward.  Illusion  of  vision  with  wide 
open  eyes.     Pain  on  looking  upward. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Benzin.  dinitricum  (in 
amblyopia,  color-bhndness,  retinitis.  Field  of  vision 
contracted.  Black  urine).  Benz.  nitricum  {Rolling 
of  eyeballs  in  their  vertical  axes;  pupils  dilated. 
Nystagmus.  Respiration  very  slow,  difficult, 
sighing). 

Pose. — ^Third  potency. 


BENZOIGUM    AClDUM,  II5 

BEIVZOICUM     ACIDUM. 

(Benzoic  Add.) 

The  most  marked  characteristic  pertains  to  the 
odor  and  color  of  the  urine.  It  produces  and  cures 
symptoms  of  a  uric  acid  diathesis,  with  urine  highly 
colored  and  very  offensive,  and  gouty  symptoms* 

Mind. — ^OmJtu  words  in  writing.     Depression. 

Head. — Throbbing  in  temporal  arteries,  causes 
puffing  around  ears.  Noises  when  swallowing.  Ul- 
ceration of  tongue.     Swelling  behind  ears.     [Caps.] 

Hose. — Itching  of  septum.     Pain  in  nasal  bones. 

Face. — Copper-colored  spots.  Red^  with  little 
blisters.     Circumscribed  redness  of  cheeks. 

Stomach. — Sweat  while  eating;  pressure  in  stom- 
ach* sensation  of  a  lump. 

Abdomen. — Cutting  about  navel.  Stitching  in 
liver  region. 

Rectum, — Stitches  and  constricted  feeling.  Itch- 
ing and  warty  elevations  around  anus. 

Stool. — Frothy^  offensive^  liquid^  hght -colored. 

Urine. — Repidsive  odor;  changeable  color;  brown, 
acid.  Enuresis;  dribbling  urine  of  old  men.  Ex- 
cess of  uric  acid.  Vesical  catarrh  from  suppressed 
gonorrhoea. 

Respiratory,^ — Hoarse  in  morning.  Asthmatic 
cough ;  worse  night ;  lying  on  right  side.  Chest  very 
tender.  Pain  in  region  of  heart.  Expectoration, 
green  mucus. 

Back. — Pressure  on  spinal  column.     Coldness  in 
*acrum.     Dull   pain   in   region   of   kidneys;   worse, 
rine. 


Il6         BENZOICDM    ACIDUM — BBRBBRIS    AQUIPOLIUM. 

Extremities. — ^Joints  crack  on  motion.  Tearing 
with  stitches.  Pain  in  tendo  AchiUis.  Rheimiatic 
gout;  nodes  very  painful.  Gouty  deposits.  Gan- 
glion; swelling  of  the  wrist.  Pain  and  swelling  in 
knees.  Bunion  of  great  toe.  Tearing  pain  in  great 
toe. 

Fever. — Cold  hands,  feet,  back,  knees.  Chilli- 
ness; cold  sweat.     Internal  heat  on  awakening. 

Skin. — Red  spots.     Itching  in  spots. 

ModalitieB. — Worse  in  open  air;  by  uncovering. 

Relationship. — Useful  after  Colchic  fails  in  gout; 
after  Copaiva  in  gonorrhoea. 

Compare:  Nitric  acid;  Atnnton,  benz.;  Sabina; 
Tropceolum — Garden  Nasturtium — (fetid  urine). 

Antidote:  Copaiva. 

Incompatible:  Wine. 

Dose. — Third  to  sixth  potency. 

BERBERIS    AQUIFOLIUM. 
(Mountain  Grape.) 

A  remedy  for  the  skin,  chronic  cataithal  affec- 
tions, secondary  syphilis. 

Head. — Sensation  of  a  band  just  above  ears. 
Bilious  headache. 

Face. — Blotches  and  pimples.     [Cimicif,] 

Stomach. — ^Tongue  thickly  coated,  yellowish- 
brown;  feels  blistered.  Burning  in  stomach.  Nau- 
sea and  hunger  after  eating. 

Urine. — Stitching,  crampy  pains;  thick  mucus, 
and  bright -red,  mealy  sediment. 

Skin. — Pimply,   dry,   rough,   scaly.     Eruption  on 


BERB*  AQUIFOL. — SERB.  VULGARIS, 


ri7 


pealp  eactendimg  to  face  and  neck*  Tumor  of  breast, 
fp^ith  pain.     PsoriasiJii.     Acne, 

t^-lfltionsliip. — CarbaL  acid;  Euanym;  Berb.  vulg. 
se, — Tincture. 
BERBERIS    VULGARIS. 
(Barberry.)  jM 

r-a.in  in  region  of  kidiieys  is  most  marked;  hence 
its  use  in  renal  and  vesical  troubles,  gall-sto:ieK,  and 
^esical  catarrh.  Pains  may  be  felt  all  over  Ixjdy, 
emanating  from  small  of  Irnck.  It  has  also  a  marked 
action  on  the  liver,  promoting  the  flow  of  bile.  Often 
called  for  in  arthritic  affections  with  urinary  dis- 
turbances.    Wandering,  radiating  pains. 

Head. — Listless,  apathetic,  indifferent.  Puffy 
I  sensation.  Feeling  as  If  becoming  larger.  Vertigo, 
-xith  attacks  of  fainting.  Frontal  headache.  Chilli- 
'ness  in  back  and  occiput.  Tearing  pain  in  auric le* 
and  gouty  concretions.     Sen^tion  of  a  skull  cap. 

I  Fftce,— Pale,  sickly.  Sunken  cheeks  and  eyes, 
with  bluish  circles. 

Mouth. — Sticky  sensation.  Diminished  saliva. 
Sticky,  frothy  saliva,  like  cotton.     [Nrtx  niosck.] 

Stomach. —  Nausea  before  breakfast.     Heartburn, 

Abdomen. — Stitches  in  region  of  gall-bladder; 
^Worse»  pressure  extending  to  stomach.  Stitching 
pain  in  front  of  kidneys  extending  to  Hver,  spleen, 
Womach»  groins,  Pou part's  ligament.  Sticking  deep 
in  ilium* 

I  StooL^ — Constant  urging  to  etool.  Diarrhcea  pain- 
,lesB»  clay-colored,  with  burning  and  smarting  in  anus 
^nd  perineum. 

i 


trS  BERBFRIS    VULOARia 

Urinary, — Burning  pains.  Sensation  as  if  some 
urine  remained  after  urinating.  Urine  with  thkk 
mu€us  and  bright-red^  mealy  sediment*  Bubbling, 
sore  sensation  in  kidneys.  Pain  in  bladder  regioOn 
Pain  in  thighs  and  loins  on  nrinaiing. 

Male. — Neuralgia  of  spermatic  cord  and  testicles. 
Smarting,  burning  stitches  in  testicles,  in  prepuce 
and  scrotum. 

Female. — Pinching  constriction  in  mons  venerist 
vaginismus,  contraction  and  tenderness  of  vagina, 
Burning  and  soreness  in  vagina.  Desire  diminished. 
Menses  scanty,  with  pain  in  kidneys.  Leucorrhoea; 
grayish  mucus,  with  painful  urinary  symptoms. 

Respiratory.' — Hoarseness,  polypus  of  larynx. 
Tearing  stitches  in  chest  and  region  of  heart. 

Back. — Stitches  in  neck  and  back;  worse,  respi- 
ration. Sticking  pain  in  region  of  kidneys,  radiating 
thence  around  abdomen,  to  hips  and  groins.  Numb* 
bruised  sensation.  Stitches  from  kidneys  into  blad- 
der. Tearing  sticking  with  stiffness,  making  rising 
difficult,  involving  hip,  nates,  limbs,  with  niunbness. 
Lumbago.     [Rhits.;    Tart,  em^] 

Extremities.— Rheumatic  paralytic  pain  in  shoul- 
ders, arms,  hands  and  fingers,  legs  and  feet.  Neural- 
gia under  finger -nails  ^  with  swelling  of  finger-joints. 
Sensation  of  cold  on  outside  of  thighs.  Heels  pain 
as  if  ulcerated.  Pain  in  balls  of  feet  on  stepping.  In- 
tense weariness  and  lameness  of  legs  after  walking  a 
short  distance. 

Skin, — Itching,  burning  and  smarting;  wors«. 
scratching.     Small  pustules  over  whole  body. 

Fever.— Cold  sensations  in  various  parts,  as  if 
spattered  with  cold  water.  Warmth  in  lower  part 
of  back,  hips  and  thighs. 


BEkBERIB    VULGARIS — BlSMUTUt'M.  t  JO 

HodaLltieB. — Wors0,  motion.  It  brings  on  or  in- 
creases tarinar\^  complaints. 

ReiationBhip, — Compare:  Ipomasa  (renal  colic; 
aching  in  small  of  back  and  extremities,)  Aloe; 
Lycopad.;    Nttx;   Sarsap. 

Antidotes:  Camphor;  BelL 

Dose* — Tincture,  to  sixth  potency. 


I 


BISMUTHUM. 
(Precipitated  Sub-Nitrate  of  Bismuth.) 

Irritation  and  catarrhal  inflammation  of  the  ali- 
mentary canal  is  the  chief  action  of  this  drug. 

Mind,— Solitude  is  unbearable.  Desire  for  com- 
pany. Complains  about  his  condition,  Anguish, 
Discontented. 

H^d. — Headache  alternates  with  gastralgia. 
Neuralgic  pain,  as  if  torn  by  pincers:  involves  face 
and  teeth;  worse,  eating;  better,  cold;  alternate 
with  gastralgia,  Cutting  or  pressure  above  right 
orbit  extending  to  occiptit.  Pressure  in  occiput; 
worse,  motion;   with  heaviness. 

Mouth. — Gums  swollen.  Toothache;  better,  cold 
water  in  mouth,  [Coff.]  Tongue  white.  Thirst 
for  cold  drinks. 

Stomach, — Vomits,  with  convulsive  gagging  and 
pain.  WaU'r  is  vomited  as  soon  as  it  reaches  the 
stomach.  Eructation  after  drinking.  Vomits  all 
Hviids.  Burning:  feeling  of  a  load.  Will  eat  for  sev- 
eral days,  then  vomit.  Slow  digestion,  with  fetid 
ertietations.  Gastralgia;  pain  from  stomach 
through  to  spine.  Gastritis^  Better,  cold  drinks, 
but  vomiting  when  stomach  becomes  fviU. 

Tongue  coated  white;     s%veetish,  meta\\\c  Va."5! 


rao      BISMUTH.^BLATTA   AMHR. CLATTA  ORIENT. 

Inexpressible  pain  in  stomach;  must  bend  back- 
wards. Pressure  as  from  a  load  in  one  spot,  alter- 
nating with  burning  cramp y  pain  and  pyrosis. 

Stool. — Painless  diarrhoeat  with  great  thirst,  and 
frequent  micturition  and  vomiting.  Pinching  in 
lower  abdomen^  with  rumbling. 

Respirfttory, — Pinching  in  middle  of  diaphragmp 
extending  transversely  through  chest.  Angina  pec- 
toris;   pain  around  heart,  left  arm  to  fingers. 

Extremities « — Cramps  in,  hands  and  feet.  Tear- 
ing in  wrist.  Paralytic  weakness.  Tearing  in  tips 
of  fingers  under  nails.  [Berb]  Itching  erosion  near 
tibia  and  back  of  feet  near  joints.     Cold  limbs. 

Sleep, — Restless,  on  account  of  voluptuous  dreams. 
Sleepy  in  morning,  a  few  hours  after  eating. 

Relationship, — Antidotes:    Nux;  Capsic;  Calc. 

Compare:  AfUiman.;  Ars^;  Belled;   Kfeosol. 

Dose, — First  to  sixth  potency. 

K  BLATTA     AMERICAITA. 

(Cockroach,) 

Ascites.  Various  forms  of  dropsy.  Yellow  com- 
plexion. Extreme  weariness.  Pain  in  urethra  on 
urinating. 

Dose,- — Third  potency. 

»  BLATTA    ORIENTALIS, 

^d  (Indian  Cockroach,) 

A  remedy  for  asthma. 

Cough  with  dyspnwa  in  bronchitis  and  phthisis. 
lets  best  in  stout  and  corpulent  pa.t\£TA,a, 


r 


BLAT.    OR. — ^BOLET,    LAR,^BORTC.    ACID. 


Dose* — Lowest  potencies  during  an  attack.  After 
iJie  spasm,  for  the  remaining  cough,  use  the  higher. 

^  BOLETUS    LARICIS, 

(White  Agaric.) 

Quotidian  intermittent  fever.  Sweat  is  light,  and 
without  relief.     Night-sweat  in  phthisis. 

Tongue. — Thick  yellow  coating;  teeth-indented, 
instant  nausea. 

Fever, ^Chilliness  along  spine,  with  frequent  hot 
lashes.  Yawns  and  stretches  when  chilly.  Severe 
ichtng  in  shoulders  and  joints  and  small  of  back. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Boletus  luridus.  (Vio- 
lent pain  in  epigastrium,  urticaria  tuber osa.)  Bole- 
tus satanus  (dysentery), 

Dose.^First  attenuation. 

I  BORICUM     ACIDUM, 

'  (Boracic  Acid.) 

Pain  in  region  of  ureters,  with  frequent  urging  to 
Urinate.  Coldness.  IHdodertn.]  Diabetes,  tongue 
flry,  red  and  cracked. 

Skm.^Multiform  erythema  of  trunk  and  upper 
extremities.     CEdema  around  eyes. 

Fenmle. — Climacteric  flushings.  [Lcuh.;  Amyl. 
i*L]  Vagina  cold  as  if  packed  with  ice.  Frequent 
Urination  with  burning  and  tenesmus. 

Dose.— Third  trituration, 

Non-Homoeopathic  Uses. — A  solution  of  Boracic 
jicid  as  an  injection  in  chronic  cystitis,  or  a  tea- 
tpoonful  to  a  glass  of  hot  milk  taken  internally. 


125  BORtCUM    ACIDLTM BORAX. 

BoTo-Glycetide  in  solution  ( i  :4o)  is  a  powerful  anti- 
septic.    Styes,  I  5  gr,  to  i  oz,  water, 

B0R4X, 

(Borate  of  Soditun.) 

Dread  of  downward  motion  in  nearly  all  coin- 
plaints^  For  homoeopathic  purposes,  the  peculiar 
nervous  symptoms  are  very  characteristic,  and  have 
frequently  been  verified,  especially  in  the  therapeu- 
tics of  children.  Of  much  value  in  epilepsy.  Aph- 
thous ulceration  of  mucous  membranes. 

Mind, — Extreme  anxiety,  especially  from  mo- 
tions which  have  a  downward  direction,  rocking, 
being  carried  downstairs,  laid  down.  Anxious  ex- 
pression of  face  during  the  downward  motions, 
starts  and  throws  up  hands  on  laying  patient  down, 
as  if  afraid  of  falling.  Excessively  nervous;  easily 
frightened .     Sensilitje  to  sudden  noises. 

Head. — Aches,  with  nausea  and  trembling  of 
whole  body.  Hair  tangled  at  tips,  cannot  be  sepa- 
rated, as  in  Plica  Polonica,     [  Viftca  ntin.] 

Eyes. — Lashes  turn  inward.  Visions  of  brig^ht 
waves.  Eyelids  inflamed,  lids  cut  against  eyeball- 
Entropiiun. 

Ears. — '  Very  sensitive  to  slightest  noise;  not  so 
much  disturbed  by  louder  ones. 

WoBC.^Red  noses  of  young  women,  Red  and 
shining  swelling,  with  throbbing  and  tensive  sensa- 
tion.    Tip  swollen  and  ulcerated.     Dry  crusts. 

Face. — Pale,  earthy,  with  suffering  expression 
Swollen,  with  pimples  on  nose  and  lip&.  Feeling  of 
cobwebs . 

Mouth. — ApkthiF,      Mouth  h^t  and  tender;  ulcers 


BORAX.  133 

lileed  on  touch  and  eating.  Painful  gumboils  Cry- 
ing when  nursing.    Taste  bitter ►     [Bry. ;  Puis.;  Cup.] 

Stomach  and  Abdomen* — Distention  after  eating; 
vomiting.  Gastralgia,  depending  upon  uterine  dis- 
turbance.     Pain  as  if  diarrhoea  would  result. 

StooL — Loose ^  P^PPy*  offensive  stools  in  children, 
Diarrhreat  offensive,  preceded  by  colic;  stools  mu- 
cous, with  aphthous  5ore  mouth. 

Urine. — Hott  sTnartinjj,  pain  in  orifice,  Ptingent 
smell.  Child  afraid  to  urinate,  screams  before  nri- 
nating.     [SarjapJ 

Female, — Galaciorrhc^a.  [CaL;  Con;  Bell,]  Leu- 
teorrhoea  like  white  of  egg,  with  sensation  as  if  warm 
^ater  was  flowing.  Menses  too  soon,  profuse ,  with 
gripping  nausea  and  pain  in  stomach  extending  into 
r^mall  of  back.  Membranous  dysfnenorrk(Ea.  Ster- 
iMty.     Favors  easy  conception. 

Re£piratoi7, — Hacking  and  violent  cough;  expec- 
toration, mouldy  taste  and  smell.  Stitches  in  chest, 
I  with  inspiration  and  cough.  Pleurodynia;  worse 
I  upper  part  of  right  chest.  Arrest  of  breathing  when 
hying;  is  obliged  to  jump  up  and  catch  breath,  which 
pcauscs  pain  in  right  side, 

i  Ejctremities.— Feeling  as  of  cobwebs  on  hands, 
t Itching  on  back  of  finger-joints.  Throbbing  pain  in 
Ilip  of  thumb.  Stitches  in  sole.  Burning  pain  in 
j great  toe;  inflammation  of  balls  of  toes. 

Skin. — Erysipelas  in  face.  Itching  on  back  of 
finger -joints.  Unhealthy  skin;  slight  injuries  sup- 
purate. Herpes.  IRhtts]  Erysipelatous  inflam- 
mation with  swelUng  and  tension. 

Sleep, — VoluptuQug    dreams,     Cannot    sleep    on 


1^4        liORAX.  —  BOTH.    LAXCIOLATUS BOVISTA. 

account  of  heat,   especially  in  head.     Crie^  out  of 
sleep  as  if  frightened.     [BeiL] 

Modalities. — Worse;       do^mward    motion,    noise, 
smoking,  warm  weather,  after  menses* 
Better t  pressure,  evening  cold  weather. 

Relationship, ^Acetic  acid,  vinegar,  and  wine  are 
incompatible. 

Antidotes:    Cham.;  Coffea. 

Compare:   Caic;  Bryon.;  Sanicula;  Sulph.  ac. 

Dose.^First  to  third  tritm-ation.  In  skin  dis- 
eases continue  its  use  for  several  weeks,  A  piece  of 
borax  the  siae  of  a  pea,  dissolved  in  the  mouth,  acts 
magically  in  restoring  the  voice,  in  cases  of  sudden 
hoarseness  brought  on  by  a  cold,  and  frequently  for 
an  hour  or  so  it  renders  the  voice  silvery  and  clear. 


BOTHROPS    LAJICIOLATUS. 
(Yellow  ViperO 


I 


For  aphasia.  Inability  to  articulate,  without  any 
affection  of  the  tongue.  Nervous  trembhng.  Day 
blindness;  can  scarcely  see  her  way  after  sunrise. 
Pain  in  right  big  toe.  Diagonal  course  of  symp- 
toms.    Puhnonary  congestion.     Hemiplegia. 

BOVISTA, 

(Pnff-Ball.) 

Has  a  marked  effect  on  the  skin,  producing  erup- 
tion like  eczema f  also  upon  the  circulation,  predis- 
posing to  haemorrhages  1    marked  languor  and  lassi- 
tude.    Adapted  to  stammering  children,  old  maids 
ith  palpitation  J  and  ^'tettery"  pa.Ueuts, 


BOVISTA.  125 

Mmd.^Enlarged  sensation.  [Arg.  n.]  Awkward; 
filferythmg  falls  from  his  hands.     Sensitive. 

Head. — Seta  sat  ion  as  */  head  were  enlarging,  es- 
pecially of  occiput.  Distensive  headache;  worse 
early  morning,  open  air,  lying.  Discharge  from 
nose  stringy,  tough.  Dull,  bruised  pain  in  brain. 
Siafntnering.  [Stram.;  Merc]  Scalp  itches;  worse, 
warmth;  sensitive;  must  scratch  until  sore. 

Face, — Scurf  and  crusts  about  nostrils  and  cor- 
ners of  mouth  ►  Lips  chapped.  Bleeding  of  nose 
and  gums*     Cheeks  and  lips  feel  swollen* 

Female. — Diarrhoea  before  and  during  menses. 
Menses  too  early  and  profuse:  ivorse  at  night.  Vo- 
lupt^ious  sensation,  Leucorrhaea  acrid,  thick,  tough, 
greenish,  follows  menses.  Canm^t  bear  tight  claihing 
around  waist.  [Lack.]  Traces  of  menses  between 
menstruation.     Soreness  of  pubes  during  menses. 

Abdomen. — Colic,  with  red  urine;  relieved  by 
eating.  Must  bend  double.  Pain  around  umbilicus. 
Stitches  through  perineum  towards  rectum  and 
genitals.  ,         , 

Stool. — Chronic  diarrhea  of  old  people;  wor^ 
at  night  and  early  morning.  Djarrhcea  before  and 
during  menstruation,  . 

Extremities. — Great  weakness  of  all  joints;  drops 
things  from  hands.  Weariness  of  hands  and  feet. 
Sweat  in  axillae;  onion  smell.  Tip  of  coccyx  itches 
intolerably.  Moist  eczema  on  back  of  hand.  Itch- 
ing of  feet  and  legs. 

Skin. — Blunt  instruments  leave  deep  impression 
on  the  skin^  Urticaria  on  excitement,  with  rheu- 
matie  lameness,  palpitation  and  diarrhea.  [Dulc.\ 
Itching  on  getting  warm.  Eczema,  moist;  forma- 
tion of  thick  crusts.    Pimples  cover  the  entire  body; 


Il6     BOVISTA — BRACHYGtOT* — BRANCA     CRSIN'A. 

scurvy;  herpetic  eniptions.  Pruritus  ani.  Urth 
caria  on  waking  in  the  morning,  worse  frota  bathing. 
Pelagra. 

Relatioi^hip . — Camp. 

Bovisia  antidotes  tar  applications.  Suffocatioii 
from  gas.     After  Rhus  in  chronic  urticaria* 

Compare:   Caic.;  Rhus;  Septa;  Cicuta. 

DoBe. — Third  to  thirtieth  potency. 

BRACHYGLOTTIS. 
(Puka-Puka.) 

PluUering  sensaHon.  Kidney  and  bladder  symp- 
toms predominate.  Produces  symptoms  of  albu- 
miiiiiria.  Itching  in  ears  and  nostrils*  Brighi's  dis- 
ease.    Oppression  of  chest*     Writer*s  cramp. 

Urinary. — Pressure  in  neck  of  bladder;  urging  to 
urinate.  Soreness  in  urethra;  feeling  as  if  urine 
could  not  be  retained.  Urine  contains  mucous  cor- 
puscles and  epithelium,  albumen,  and  casts* 

Extremities,— Cramp  in  fingers,  thumbs  and  wrist 
when  writing — soren^s  extending  along  flexor  carpi 
ulnaris. 

Relationship.— Compare:  Apis;  H^lonias;  Mere. 
C0r.;  Plumbum. 

Dose.— Third  potency. 

BRAlfCA    URSmA. 

(Heracleiun-Hogweed. ) 

Headache,  gouty  and  skin  symptoms. 
Head. — Aches  with  drowsiness;    worse  moving  in 
open  air.     Seborrhcea  captis, 


r 


BRANCA    URSINA BROMIUM. 


127 


Extremities.-^outy  tearing  in  limbs.^  Buirning 
pain  in  feet. 

Female. — Fluttering  in  right  ovary  and  abdomen- 
Dysmenorrboea.  '  " 

Relationship. — Compare:    Berberis;  Apis.  *■■ 

1      Bose. — Third  attenuation.  ^S 

l^  BROMTOM.  *  V 

^^V  (Bromine.)  ■ 

Most  marked  effects  are  seen  in  the  respiratory 
I  sytnptonis,  especially  in  larynx  and  trachea.  It 
seems  to  affect  especially  scrofulous  children  with 
enlarged  glands.  Blond  type.  Enlarged  parotid 
and  goitre.  Tendency  to  spasmodic  attacks.  Left- 
sided  mumps.  Sense  of  suffocation;  excoriating  dis- 
charges^  profuse  sweats  and  great  weakness. 

Bead. — Megrim  of  left  side;  worse  stooping,  es- 
pecially after  drinking  milk.  Headache;  worse 
'liest  of  sun  and  by  rapid  motion.  Sharp  pain 
through  eyes. 

Ifose. — Coryza,  with  corrosive  soreness  of  nose. 
Stoppage  of  right  nostril.  Pressure  at  root  of  nose. 
Tickling,  smarthtg,  as  from  cobwebs.  Fan -like  mo- 
tion of  alia.     [Lye,] 

Stomacli  and  Abdomen.— Sharp  burning  from 
tongue  to  stomach.  Pres!>ure  as  of  a  stone.  Gas- 
tralgia;  better  eating.  Tympanitic  distention  of 
abdomen.     Painful  hemorrhoids,  with  black  stool. 

Respiratory. — Dry  cough,  with  koarsettess  and 
burning  pain  behind  sternum.  Spasmodic  coughs 
^th  faUling  &}  mu€us  in  the  larynx;  suffocative. 
Jioarsen^ss^  Croup  after  febrile  symptoms  have 
subsided.     Difltcult  and  painful  breathing.     Violent 


raS  BROMIUM^BRYONIA, 

cramping'  of  chest.  Throat  feels  raw,  evening'^  with 
hoarseness.  Chest  pains  run  upward.  Cold  sensu- 
iion  when  inspiring*  Every  inspiration  provokes 
cough.  Laryngeal  diphtheria:  membrane  begins  in 
larynx  and  spreads  upward.  Spasmodic  constric- 
tion. Asthma;  better  at  sea.  Hypertrophy  of 
heart  from  gymnastics.     [Rhas^ 

Uak. — Swell  ing  oft  esticles ,     [  Ptds. ;  A  f  <r .  ] 

Female. — Swelling  of  ovaries.  Menses  too  early ^ 
too  profuse,  with  membranous  shreds.  Ixjw- 
spirited  before  menses.  Tumor  in  breasts,  with 
itching  pains;  worse  left.  Stitch  pains  from  breast 
to  axilla. 

Skin. — Acne^  pimples  and  pustules.  Boils  on 
arms  and  face.  Glands  stony,  hard,  especially  on 
lower  jaw  and  throat.     Hard  goitre.     \Spong*\ 

Modalities. — Worse  from  evening  until  midnight* 
and  when  sitting  in  warm  room.  Better  from  any 
motion,  exercise. 

Relationship. — Antidotes:  Amnton,  earh.;  Camph^ 

Compare :  Coniumi  Spongia;  lod.;  Aster  ;  Arg. 
nit.     Avoid  milk  when  taking  Brom 

Dose. — First  to  third  attenuation.  Must  be  pre- 
pared fresh, 

BRYONIA. 
(Wild  Hops.) 

Acts  on  all  serous  membranes  and  the  viscera  they 
contain.  The  general  character  of  the  pain  here  pro- 
duced is  a  stiU-hing^  tearing;  worse  by  motion^  better 
rest.  These  characteristic  stitching  pains,  greatly 
aggravated  by  any  motion ^  are  found  everywhere* 
but  especially  in  the  chest ;  worse  pressure.  Mucins 
membranes  are  all  dry.     The  Bryonia  patient  is  irri- 


BRYONIA 


139 


table;  bas  vertigo  from  raising  the  head,  pressive 
(headEEche;  dry,  parched  lips,  mouth;  excessive 
thirst,  bitter  taste^  sensitive  epigastrium,  and  feeling 
of  a  stone  in  the  stomach ;  stools  large,  dry,  hard; 
'dry  cough ;  rheumatic  pains  and  swelHii^^s ;  dropsical 
effusions  into  synovial  and  .serous  membr^ines. 

BryPTiia  affects  especially  the  constitution  of  a 
robust,  firm  fiber  and  dark  complexion,  with  ten- 
dency to  le^'inne^s  and  irritability-  It  prefers  the 
^ight  side,  the  evening,  and  open  air,  warm  went  her 
after  cold  days,  to  manifest  its  action  most  mark- 
edly. 

Children  dislike  to  be  carried  or  raised.     Physical 
^'eakness^  all-pervading  apathy. 
,     Mind. ^Exceedingly  trrituble;     everything    puts 
fiini  out  of  humor.     Delirium;  wants  to  go  borne; 
talks  of  business. 

Head.— Vertigo,  nausea,  faint ness  on  risings  con* 
fusiion,  Burskng,  spUiiing  headache,  as  if  every- 
thing would  be  pressed  out;  worse  from  motion, 
^00  ping  J  opening  eyes.  Headache  becomes  seated 
in  occiptit.  Drawing  lu  bones  towards  zygoma. 
Headache;  worse  on  niotion,  even  of  eyeballs. 

J9os€.-^ Frequent   bleeding    of   nose   when    menses 
shmdd  appear.     Coryz^i  with   shooting  and  aching 
I  in  the  forehead.     Swelling  of  tip  of  nose,  feels  as  if 
it  would  ulcerate  wlien  touched. 

Ears. — Aural  vertigo.  [Aur^;  NaL  sal.;  SiL; 
Cjfe/tt.]     Roaring,  buzzing. 

Eyes-— Pressing,  crashing,  aching  pain.  Glnu- 
coma.     Sore  to  touch  and  when  moving  them. 

Motitli,^ — Lips  parched,  dry,  cracked.     Dryness  of 

mouth,    tongue  t    a  fid    throat,    with    excessive    thirst. 

Tongue  coated  yellowish,  dark  brown:  heavily  white 

^10  gastric  derangement.    Bitter  taste,     [Nux;  CoL] 


130  BRYONIA. 

Throat. — Dryness,  sticking  on  swallowing,  scraped 
and  constricted.     [Bell.] 

Stomach. — Nausea  and  faintness  when  rising  up. 
Abnormal  hunger,  loss  of  taste.  Thirst  for  large 
draughts.  Vomiting  of  bile  and  water  immediately 
after  eating.  Worse  warm  drinks,  which  are  vom- 
ited. Stomach  sensitive  to  touch.  Pressure  in  stom- 
ach after  eating,  as  of  a  stone.  Soreness  in  stomach 
when  coughing.  Dyspeptic  ailments  during  sum- 
mer heat.     Sensitiveness  of  epigastrium  to  touch. 

Abdomen. — Liver  region  swollen,  sore,  tensive. 
Burning  pain,  stitches;  worse,  pressure^  coughing, 
breathing.     Tenderness  of  abdominal  walls. 

Stool. — Constipation;  stools  hard,  dry,  as  if  burnt; 
seem  too  large.  Stools  brown,  thick,  bloody;  worse 
in  morning,  from  moving,  in  hot  weather,  after  being 
heated,  from  cold  drinks,  every  spell  of  hot  weather. 

Urine. — Red,  brown,  like  beer,  scanty,  hot. 

Female. — Menses  too  early,  too  profuse;  worse 
from  motion,  with  tearing  pain  in  legs;  suppressed, 
with  vicarious  discharge,  or  splitting  headache.  Itch- 
ing pains  in  ovaries  on  taking  a  deep  inspiration; 
very  sensitive  to  touch.  Pain  in  right  ovary  as 
if  torn,  extending  to  thigh.  [Lilium;  Croc]  Milk 
fever.  Breasts  hot  and  painful,  hard.  Abscess  of 
mammae.  Frequent  bleeding  of  nose  at  appearance 
of  menses.  Menstrual  irregularities,  with  gastric 
symptoms.  Ovaritis.  Intermenstrual  pain,  with 
great  abdominal  and  pelvic  soreness.     [Ham.] 

Respiratory. — Hoarseness;  worse  in  open  air. 
Cough,  dry,  at  night;  must  sit  up;  worse  after  eat- 
ing or  drinking,  with  vomiting,  with  stitches  in  chest, 
and  expectoration  of  rust-colored  sputa.  Frequent 
desire  to  take  a  long  breath;    must  expand  lungs. 


BmVONlA. 


131 


Difficult,  quick  respiration;  worse  every  moveraent; 
caused  by  stitches  in  chest.  Cough,  with  feeling  as 
if  chest  would  fly  to  pieces;  presses  his  hea.d  on 
sternum;  must  support  chest.  Croupous  and  pleu- 
ro-pnetimonia.  Expectoration  brick  shade,  tough, 
aod  falls  like  lumps  of  jelly.  Tough  mucus  in 
trachea,  loosened  only  with  much  hawking.  Coming 
int^  umrfH  r^am  fX4:iies  cough,  IMat.  carb.]  Heavi- 
ness beneath  the  sternum  extending  towards  the 
right  shoulder. 

Back- — Painful  stiffness  in  nape  of  neck.  Siitckes 
and  sUffttess  in  spnall  of  back. 

Extremities, —Knees  stiff  and  painful.  Hot 
swelling  of  feet.  Joints  red,  swollen ,  hot,  with 
stitches  and  tearing;  worse  on  least  movement. 
Every  spot  is  painful  on  pressure.  Constant  mo- 
tion of  left  arm  and  leg,     [  Hdleb.] 

Fever. — Easy,  profuse  perspiration.  Rheumatic 
and  typhoid  marked  by  gast  to -hepatic  complications. 

Skin.— Yellow ;  pale,  swollen,  dropsical;  hot  and 
painfuh     Seborrhoea   oleosa.      Hair  very  greasy* 

Sleep.— -Drowsy ;  starting  when  falling  asleep* 
Delirium;  busy  with  business  matters  and  what  he 
had  read, 

Fever* — Pulse  full,  hard,  teuse-,  and  quick.  Chill 
with  external  coldness,  dry  cough,  stitches.  Inter- 
nal heat.     Sour  sweat  after  slight  exertion, 

MclAlioiisliip, — Complementary  to  Rhus  and 
Alufftina. 

Antidotes:    Aeon.;  Cham.;  Nux. 

Compare:    Aschp.  tub.;     Kali  mtir>;    Ficlia. 

Modalities*— M'^rjf,  wartnth,  any  tnoViciTV,  ■tt\^Jt\\- 
mi%  editing,  hot  weatlicT,   exertion,  loucVv,     C^tviwaX 


13a  BRYONIA BUFO. 

sit  Up;  gets  faint  and  sick.     Better  lying  on  painful 
side,  pressure,  rest,  cold  things. 

Dose. — First  to  twelfth  attenuation. 

BUFO. 

(Poison  of  the  Toad.) 

Arouses  the  lowest  passions.  Causes  a  desire  for 
intoxicating  drinks,  and  produces  impotence. 

Of  use  in  feeble-minded  children.  Epileptic  symp- 
toms, more  or  less  connected  with  derangements  of 
the  sexual  sphere,  seem  to  come  within  the  range  of 
this  remedy.  Injuries  to  fingers;  pain  runs  in 
streaks  up  the  arms. 

Mind. — Propensity  to  bite.  Howling;  impatient; 
nervous;  imbecile.  Desire  for  solitude.  Reeble- 
minded. 

Eyes. — Cannot  bear  sight  of  brilliant  objects. 
Little  blisters  form  on  eye. 

Ears. — Music  is  unbearable.  [Ambra.]  Every 
little  noise  distresses. 

Female. — Menses  too  early,  watery  leucorrhoea. 
Excitement,  with  epileptic  attacks.  Epilepsy  at 
time  of  menses.  Induration  in  mammary  glands. 
Burning  in  ovaries  and  uterus.  Ulceration  of  cervix. 
Offensive  bloody  discharge.  Pains  run  into  legs. 
Bloody  milk.     Milk-leg.     Veins  swollen. 

Male. — Involuntary  emissions;  impotence,  dis- 
cbarge too  quick,  spasms  during  coition.       Buboes. 

Skin. — Panaritium ;  pain  runs  up  arm.  Patches 
ot  skin  lose  sensation.  Pustules,  suppuration  from 
every  slight  injury.  Bullae  which  open  and  leave  a 
raw  surface,  exuding  an  ichorous  fluid.  Blisters  on 
palms  and  soles.     Itching  and  burning.     Carbuncle. 


BUFO CACTUS   GBANOlFtORUS.  133 


Sclationship, —  Compare:     Baryt.  cuHk;  Asterias; 
imand.     (Epilepsy  and  softening  of  braia.) 
Antidotes:    Laches.;   Ssneg. 

Modalities. — Warse,  in  warm  room,  on  awakenmg. 
Better,  from  bathing  or  cold  air;    from  putting  feet 
in  hot  water* 
■      Dose. — Sixth  potency, 

^^r  CACTUS     GRAKDJFLORUS. 

^^^^K  (Night' blQoming  Cereus.) 

^  Acts  on  circular  muscular  fibers.  It  is  the  heart 
and  arteries  especially  that  at  once  respond  to  the 
influence  of  Cactus,  producing  very  characteristic 
constrktions,  as  of  an  iron  band.  This  sensation  is 
found  in  various  places ^  oesophagus,  bladder^  etc. 
The  mental  symptoms  produced  correspond  to  that 
found  when  there  are  heart  affections ,  sadness,  and 
melancholy,  Ilamwrrhages^  conslricii&ns,  periodi- 
city^ and  spasff iodic  pains.  Whole  body  feels  as  if 
caged,  each  wire  being  twisted  tighter.  Atheroma- 
tous arteries  and  weak  heart. 

Mind, — Melancholy,  tacitxirn,  sad,  ill-humofred. 
Fear  of  death.     Screams  with  pain. 

Head. — Headache  if  obliged  to  pass  dinner  hour* 
[Ars.;  Loch.;  Lye.]  Sensation  as  of  a  weight  on 
^eftex.  Right-side  pulsating  pain.  Congestive 
headaches,  periodical,  threatening  apoplexy.  Blood- 
vessels to  the  head  distended.  Peels  as  if  head  were 
compressed  in  a  vise.  Pulsation  in  ears.  Dim 
sight.  Right-sided  prosopalgiii^  constricting  pains, 
return^  at  same  hour  daily.     [Cedron^] 

HoBe.— Profuse    bleeding    from    nose.        YlMenX 


134  CACTUS  GRANDIFLORUS. 

Throat. — Constriction  of  oesophagus.  Dryness  of 
tongue,  as  if  burnt;  needs  much  liquid  to  get  food 
down.  Suffocative  constriction  at  throat,  with  full, 
throbbing  carotids  in  angina  pectoris. 

Stomacli. — Constriction,  pulsation,  or  heaviness  in 
stomach.     Vomiting  of  blood. 

Stool. — Hard,  black  stools.  Diarrhoea  in  morn- 
ing. Haemorrhoids  swollen  and  painful.  Sensation 
of  great  weight  in  anus.  Haemorrhage  from  bowels 
in  malarial  fevers  and  with  heart  symptoms. 

Urine. — Constriction  of  neck  of  bladder  causing 
retention  of  urine.  Haemorrhage  from  bladder. 
Clots  of  blood  in  urethra.     Constant  urination. 

Female. — Constriction  in  uterine  region  and 
ovaries.  Dysmenorrhoea;  pulsating  pain  in  uterus 
and  ovaries.  Vaginismus.  Menses  early,  dark, 
pitch-like  [Cocc;  Mag.  c.];  cease  on  lying  down, 
with  heart  symptoms. 

Chest. — Oppressed  breathing  as  from  a  weight  on 
chest.  Constriction  in  chest,  as  if  bound,  hindering 
respiration.  Inflammation  of  diaphragm.  Heart- 
constriction,  as  from  an  iron  band.  Palpitation; 
pain  shooting  down  left  arm.  Haemoptysis,  with 
convulsive,  spasmodic  cough.  Diaphragmitis,  with 
great  difficulty  of  breathing. 

Heart. — Endocarditis  with  mitral  insuffictency  to- 
gether with  violent  and  rapid  action.  Acts  best  in  the 
incipiency  of  cardiac  incompetence.  Heart  weak- 
ness of  arterio-sclerosis.  Violent  palpitation ;  worse 
lying  on  left  side,  at  approach  of  menses.  Angina 
pectoris,  with  suffocation,  cold  sweat,  and  ever- 
present  iron-band  feeling.  Pain  in  apex,  shooting 
down  left  arm.  Palpitation,  with  vertigo,  dyspnoea, 
datulence.      Constriction;     very    acMte   pains  and 


CACTUS  GRANDIFLORUS CADMIUM   SULPH.      135 


F 

f  stitches  in  heart;  pulse  feeble,  irregular.     Endocar- 
dial murmurs,  excessive  impulse,  increased  prsecor* 
I  dial  dullness,  enlarged  ventricle. 

Extremities. — CEdema  of  hands  and  feet.  Hands 
,  soft;  feet  enlarged.  Numbness  of  left  arm.  Icy- 
'  cold  hands.     Restless  legs. 

I      Sleep.^ — Sleepless    on    account     of    pulsation     in 
diflferent  parts  of  body.     P rightful  dreams. 

Fe?er, — ^Fever  every  day  at  same  hour.  Cold- 
ness in  back  and  icy -cold  hands.  Intermittent; 
!  paroxysms  about  midday  (ii  a.  m.)  incomplete  in 
I  their  stages,  accompanied  by  haemorrhages.  Cold- 
I  ness'  predominates;  cold  sweat,  with  great  anguish. 
Modahties. — Worse,  lying  on  left  side;  walking, 
I  going  upstairs. 

Relationship, ^Antidotes:   Aeon.;  Caififk.;  China. 
Compare:    Digiial.;  SpigeL;  Convallar.:  Kalmia; 
Naja;  MagnoL 

I      Dose, — TincturCt  to  third  attenuation.       Higher 
in  nervous  palpitation, 

^^,  CADinUM    SULPH. 

^V  (Cadmic  Sulphate.) 

Its  pathogenesis  gives  symptoms  corresponding  to 
very  low  forms  of  disease ^  as  in  cholera,  yellow  fever, 
where,  with  exhaustion,  vomiting,  and  extreme  pros- 
iration^  the  disease  rvtns  death  ward  > 

The  attack  is  upon  the  stomach  more  especially. 
Patient  must  keep  quiet.  Yellow  fever.  Chilliness 
and  coldness,  even  when  near  the  fire. 

Mind  and  Head. — Unconscious.       Vertigo;    room 
and  bed  seem  to  spin  around. 
[Heat  in  head> 


Hammering  i 


136  CADMIUM  SULPH. 

Nose. — Ozesna.  Tightness  at  root.  Nose  ob- 
structed; polypus.  Caries  of  nasal  bones.  Boils 
on  nose.      Nostrils  ulcerated. 

Eyes. — Opacity  of  cornea.  Blue  circle  around 
eyes.     One  pupil  dilated.     Night  blindness. 

Face. — Distortion  of  mouth.  Trembling  of  jaw. 
Facial  paralysis;   more  left  side. 

Mouth. — Difficult  swallowing.  (Esophagus  con- 
stricted. [Bapt.]  Salty  belching.  Intense  nausea, 
with  pain  and  cold.  Stringy,  offensive  exudation  on 
mucous  membrane.     Salty  taste. 

Stomach. — Soreness  in  pit  of  stomach  on  pres- 
sure. Violent  nausea;  retching.  Black  vomit. 
Vomiting  of  mucus,  green  slime,  blood,  with  great 
prostration,  and  great  tenderness  over  the  stomach. 
Burning  and  cutting  pains  in  stomach. 

Abdomen. — Sore,  tender,  tympanitic.  Region  of 
liver  sore.  Coldness.  Black,  offensive  clots  of 
blood  from  bowels.  Pain  in  abdomen,  with  vomit- 
ing.   Gelatinous  stools.    Tenderness  and  tympanitis. 

Stool. — Bloody,  black,  and  offensive.  Gelatinous, 
yellowish  green;  semi-fluid,  with  urinary  suppres- 
sion. 

Heart. — Palpitation,  with  constriction  of  chest. 

Fever. — Icy  coldness.  [Camph.;  Verat.;  Helo- 
derm.]      Yellow  fever.     [Crotalus.     Carbo.] 

Skin. — Blue,  yellow,  sallow,  scaly,  cracking. 
Itching;   better  scratching. 

Sleep. — Stops  breathing  on  going  to  sleep.  Wakes 
up  suffocating.  Fears  to  go  to  sleep  again.  Pro- 
tracted sleeplessness. 

Modalities. — Worse,  walking  or  carrying  burdens; 
after  sleep. 


CADMIUM  SULPH— CABINCA — CAJUPUTTJM,       137 

Relationsliip. — Compare:  Cad.  brom.  (pain  and 
burning  in  stomachy  and  vomiting) ;  Cadmium  jodat. 
(Itchtng  of  aims  and  rectum  felt  during  the  day 
only;  constipation,  frequent  d^^sire,  tenesmus,  ab- 
domen bloated.)     Zinc.;  Ars.;  Carho;   Verat. 

Dose. — Third  to  thirtieth  potency. 


CAHINCA. 
(A  BraziUaB  Plant^Chiococca.) 

This  remedy  has  been  found  of  use  in  dropsical 
affections.  Its  urinary  symptoms  are  well  marked. 
Albuminuria  1  with  dyspnoea  on  lying  down  at  night. 
Ascites  and  anasarca^  with  dry  skin. 

Urinary, — Constant  desire  to  urinate.  Polyuria 
while  traveling.  Urine  fiery.  Burning  pain  in 
urethra,  especially  glandular  portion. 

Male. — Drawing  in  of  testicles  and  spermatic 
cord.  Pain  worse  during  passage  of  pungent  snaell- 
ing  urine.  '    ' 

Back. — Pain  in  region  of  kidneys;  better, tying 
bent  backward.     General  fatigue. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Apocyn.;  Ars.;  Coffm, 
(similar  botanically  and  in  relieving,  effe<;ts  of 
fatigue). 

Dose, — Third  potency  or  lower. 

CAJtrPUTUM     (OLEUM     WITTNEBIAKUM), 

(Cajuput  Oil.) 

Acts  like  Oil  of  Cloves.  A  remedy  for  flatulence 
and  affections  of  the  tongue.  Sense  of  enlargement. 
Causes    copiovis    diaphoresis.        Retrocedent    gout, 


i 


138  CAJUPUTUM CALADIUM  SEGUINUM. 

Neuralgic  affections  not  inflammatory.  Nervous 
dyspnoea. 

Mouth. — Persistent  sensation  of  choking.  Spas- 
modic  stricture  of  oesophagus.  Tongue  feels  swollen; 
fills  whole  mouth. 

Stomach. —  Hiccough  on  sUghtest  provocation 
[Sulph.  ac.] 

Abdomen. — Flatulent  colic;  tympanitis.  [Ter^.] 
Nervous  distention  of  bowels.  Urine  smells  like 
cat's  urine.     Spasmodic  cholera. 

Modalities. — Worse  about  5  a.  m.;   night. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Bovist.;  Nux  mosch.; 
Asaf.;  Ign.     Bapt. 

Dose. — First  to  third  potency.     (5  drops  of  oil.) 

CALADIUM    SEGUINUM. 
(American  Arum.) 

This  remedy  has  a  marked  action  on  the  genital 
organs,  as  seen  in  its  symptoms  of  impotence  and 
pruritus  of  this  region.  Coldness  of  single  parts  and 
inclination  to  He  down,  with  aggravation  on  lying 
on  left  side.  Slightest  noise  startles  from  sleep. 
Dread  of  motion.     Destroys  craving  for  tobacco. 

Head. — Confused  headache  with  pain  in  shoul-. 
der,  pressure  in  eyes  and  forehead ;  extremely  sen- 
sitive to  noise,  throbbing  in  ear, 

Stomach. — ^Eructations.  Stomach  feels  full  of  dry 
food;  sensation  of  fluttering.  Acrid  vomiting,  and 
tolerates  only  warm  drinks.     Sighing  respiration. 

Male. — Pruritus.  Glans  very  red.  Organs  seem 
larger,  puffed,  relaxed,  cold,  sweating;  skin  of  scro- 
tum thick.     Erections  when  half -asleep;  cease  when 


> 


CALADIUM  SEGUINUW— CALCAREA  ACETfCA.  139 

fully  awake.  Impotency;  relaxation  of  penis  during 
excitement.  No  emission  and  no  orgasm  d tiring 
embrace. 

Female* — Pruritus  of  vulva  [Ambr.;  Kreos.;  Merc; 
Nitr.  ac.;  Petrol.;  Plat.;  SiL;  Sulph,;  TaranL]  and 
vagina  during  pregnancy.  Voluptuousness.  Cramp 
pains  in  uterus  at  night- 

Skin.— Sweet  sweat— attracts  flies.  Insect  bites 
bum  and  itch  inteosely*  Itching  rash  alternates 
with  asthma. 

Respiratory, — Larynx  seems  constricted.  Breath- 
ing impeded.  Catarrhal  asthma ;  mucus  not  readily 
raised.     Patient  afraid  to  go  to  sleep. 

Modalities, — Belter,  after  sweat,  after  sleeping  in 
daytime.     Worse,  motion. 

Helatio  nsliip  *^I  ncompat ible :    ^4  turn  iriph . 

Complementary:    Nitr.  ac. 

Compare:   Capstc;  Phosph.;  Canst.;  Selen.;  Lye. 

Dose. — Third  to  sixth  attenuation. 


CALCAREA     ACETICA. 
(Acetate  of  Lime.) 

Has  had  brilliant  clinical  results  in  inflammations 
of  mucous  memLbranes  characterized  by  a  metn- 
branoits  exudation;  otherwise  its  action  and  applica- 
tion is  like  the  carbonate.     Cancer  pains. 

Head,— Vertigo  in  open  air.  Senses  obscure  while 
reading.  Megrim,  with  great  coldness  in  head  and 
sour  taste. 

Female. ^Membranous  dysmenorrhoea  in  peraons 
of  calcareous  habit. 

Respiratory, — Rattling   expiration.     Cough  loose. 


140    CALG.  ACET. CALC.  ARS. CALC.  CARB. 

with  expectoration  of  large  pieces  like  casts  of  bron- 
chial tubes.  Breathing  difl&cult;  better  bending 
shoulders  backward.  Constrictive  anxious  sensa- 
tion in  chest. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Brom.;  Borax;  also  Calc 
oxal.  in  excruciating  pains  of  open  cancer. 

Dose. — ^Third  trituration. 

CALCAREA     ARSENICA. 

(Arsenite  of  Lime.) 

Epilepsy  with  rush  of  blood  to  the  head  before 
attack ;  aura  felt  in  region  of  heart ;  flying  sensation. 
Infantile  enlarged  liver  and  spleen.  Nephritis,  with 
great  sensitiveness  in  kidney  region.  Complaints  of 
drunkards  after  abstaining.  Fleshy  women  at  cli- 
macteric, slightest  emotion  causing  palpitation. 
Dyspnoea,  with  feeble  heart.     Chilliness.     Dropsy. 

Mind. — Anger,  anxiety.  Desire  for  company. 
Confusion,  delusions,  illusions. 

Head. — Violent  rush  of  blood  to  head  with  vertigo. 
Pain  in  head  better  by  lying  on  painful  side.  Weekly 
headache. 

Stomach. — Region  of  stomach  distended.  En- 
larged liver  and  spleen  in  children.  Pancreatic 
disease. 

Dose. — Sixth  trituration. 

CALCAREA    CARBONICA. 

(Carbonate  of  Lime.) 

This  great  Hahnemannian  anti-psoric  is  a  consti- 
tutional remedy  par  excellence.  Its  chief  action  is 
centered  in  the  vegetative  sphere,  impaired  nutrition 


CAICAREA   CARBONrCA. 


t4I 


pbeing'  the  key-note  of  its  actioti,  the  glands ^  skin,  and 
Tjones  being  instrumental  in  the  changes  wrought. 
Increased  local  and  general  perspiration ^  swelling  of 
glandsj  scrofulous  and  rachitic  conditions  generally 
offer  numerous  opportunities  for  the  exhibition  of 
Cakarea. 

Easy  relapses,  interrupted  convalescence.  Per- 
sons  of  scrofulous  tyx^,  who  take  cold  easily,  with  in- 
creased mucous  secretions,  children  who  grow  fat, 
are  large-bellied^  with  large  head,  pale  skin,  chalky 
look,  the  so-called  leiico -phlegmatic  temperament; 
affections  caused  by  working  in  water*  Great  seiisir 
tivertess  to  cold  and  partial  sweats. 

Mmd. — Apprehensive;    fears  loss  of  reason;    mis- 

[Jorttitu!^  Fofgetftilt  confused i  1o\\' -spirited.  Anxiety 
with  palpitation.     Obstinacy;    slight  mental  efi'ort 

1  produces  hot  head. 

Head* — Headache,    with    cold    hands    and    feet. 

I  Vertigo    on    ascending,    and    when    turning    head. 

I  Headache  from  overlifting,  from  mental  exertion, 

'with  nausea.  Head  feels  hot  and  heavy,  with  pale 
face.  Icy  coldiwss  in  and  on  the  head,  especially 
right  side.  Open  fontanclles;  head  enlarged;  muck 
perspiration^  mets  the  pillmv.  Itching  of  the  scalp. 
Scratches  head  on  waking. 

Eyes.' — Sensitive  to  hght.  Lachrymation  in  open 
air  and  early  in  moroing.  Spots  and  ukers  on 
cornea^  Lachrymal  ducts  clohied  from  exposure  to 
cold.  Easy  fatigue  of  eyes.  Far-sighted.  Itching 
of  lids,  swollen,  scurfy.  Chronic  dilatation  of  pupils. 
Cataract.  Dimness  of  vision,  as  if  looking  through 
a  mist.     Lachrymal  fistula ;  scrofulous  ophthalmia. 

Ears, — ^Throbbing;  cracking  in  ears;  stitches; 
pulsating   pain  as  if  something  would  press  oat. 


142  CALCARBA    CARBONICA. 

Deafness  from  working  in  water.  Polypi,  which 
bleed  easily.  Scrofulous  inflammation  tvith  muco- 
purulent otorrhaea^  and  enlarged  glands.  Perversions 
of  hearing;   noises;   hardness  of  hearing. 

Nose. — Dry;  nostrils  sore ^  ulcerated.  Stoppage  of 
nose,  also  with  fetid  yellow  discharge.  Offensive 
odor  in  nose.  Polypi;  swelling  at  root  of  nose. 
Epistaxis.  Coryza.  Takes  cold  at  every  change  of 
weather. 

Face. — Swelling  of  upper  lip.  Pale,  with  deep- 
seated  eyes,  surrounded  by  dark  rings.  Crusta 
lactea;  itching,  burning  after  washing.  Submaxil- 
lary glands  swollen.  Goitre.  Itching  of  pimples  in 
whiskers.  Pain  from  right  mental  foramen  along 
lower  jaw  to  ear. 

Mouth. — Persistent  sour  taste.  Mouth  fills  with 
sour  water.  Dryness  of -tongue  at  night.  Bleeding 
of  gums.  Difficult  and  delayed  dentition.  Teeth 
ache ;  excited  by  current  of  air,  anything  cold  or  hot. 
Offensive  smell  from  mouth.  Burning  pain  at  tip 
of  tongue;  worse,  anything  warm  taken  into 
stomach. 

Throat. — Swelling  of  tonsils  and  submaxillary 
glands;  stitches  on  swallowing.  Hawking-up  of 
mucus.  Difficult  swallowing.  Goitre.  Cracking 
noises  in  ear.     Parotid  fistula. 

Stomach. — Aversion  to  meat,  boiled  things;  crao- 
ing  for  indigestible  things — chalk,  coal,  pencils;  eggs, 
salt,  and  sweets.  Milk  disagrees.  Frequent  sour 
eructations;  sour  vomiting.  Heartbtim  and  loud 
belching.  Cramps  in  stomach;  worse,  pressure, 
cold  water.  Ravenous  hunger.  Swelling  over  pit 
of  stomach,  like  a  saucer  turned  bottom  up.  Repug- 
nance to  hot  food.     Pain  in  epigastric  region  to 


CALCAREA    CARBONICA-  143 

touch.     Thirst;    longing  for  cold  drinks.     Aggrava- 
tion while  eating.     Hy perch lorhydria  [Phos.].  p 

Abdomen. — Sensitive  to  slightest  pressure.  Liver 
region  painfvil  when  stooping.  Cutting  in  abdomen ; 
enlargement  of  nbdnmcnK  Incarcerated  flatulence* 
[ngmnal  and  mesenieric  glands  swollen  and  painful. 
Cannot  bear  tight  clothing  around  the  waist.  Dis- 
tejjiton  with  hardness.  Gallstone  coke.  Increase 
of  fat  in  abdomen.  Umbilical  hernia.  Trem^bling; 
weakness,  as  if  sprained*  Children  are  late  in  learn- 
ing to  walk,     [Canst.] 

Stool. — Crawling  and  constriction  in  rectum. 
Stool  large  an d  h ard .  [Bry^];  w h it i sh ,  wa te ry ,  sour. 
Prolapsus  ani,  and  burning,  stinging  haemorrhoids. 
Diarrhcea  of  undigested  food,  fetid,  with  ravenotis 
appetite*  Constipation;  stool  at  first  hard,  then 
pasty,  then  liquid. 

Urine, — Dark,  brown,  sour,  fetid,  abundant,  with 
white  sediment,  bloody.     Irritable  bladder, 

Male. —  Frequent  emissions.  Increased  desire.  Se- 
men emitted  too  ^on.  Coition  followed  by  weak- 
ness and  irritability. 

Female.— Cutting  pains  in  u terns  during  men- 
struation. Menses  too  early,  too  profuse,  too  longt 
[Ferr.;  Rhus  tor.;  Sab.],  with  vertigo,  toothache  and 
cold,  damp  feet;  the  least  excitenaent  causes  their 
return.  Uterus  easily  displaced*  Leucorrhoea, 
milky  [Sepia].  Burning  and  itching  of  parts  before 
and  after  menstruation;  in  little  girls*  Increased 
sexual  desire;  easy  conception.  Hot  swelling  o: 
breasts.  Breasts  tender  and  s woollen  before  menses. 
Milk  too  abundant;  disagreeable  to  child.  Defi- 
cient lactation  J  with  distended  breasts  in  lymphatic 
women*     Much     sweat     about     external     genitals* 


144  CALCAREA    CARBONICA. 

Sterility  with  copious  menses.  Uterine  polypi 
[Bell.;  Phos.;  Teticr.;  Thuja.] 

Respiratory. — Extreme  dyspnoea.  Painless  hoarse- 
ness; worse  in  the  morning.  Expectoration  only 
during  the  day;  thick,  yellow,  sour  mucus.  Bloody 
expectoration;  with  sour  sensation  in  chest.  Suffo- 
cating spells;  tightness,  burning  and  soreness  in 
chest ;  worse  going  up-stairs.  Longing  for  fresh  air. 
Palpitation  at  night  and  after  eating.  Cough  at 
night,  from  tickhng  in  throat,  aggravated  by  damp- 
ness. Sharp  pains  in  chest  from  before  backwards. 
Chest  very  sensitive  to  touch,  percussion,  or  pressure. 

Back. — Pain  as  if  sprained;  can  scarcely  rise; 
from  overlifting.  Pain  between  shoulder-blades, 
impeding  breathing.  Cur\'ature  of  dorsal  vertebrae. 
Nape  of  neck  stiff  and  rigid.     Renal  colic. 

Extremities. — Rheumatoid  pains,  as  after  ex- 
posure to  wet.  Sharp  sticking  as  if  parts  were 
wrenched  or  sprained.  Cold,  damp  feet;  feel  as  if 
damp  stockings  were  worn.  Cramps  in  calves.  Sour 
foot-sweat.  Weakness  of  extremities.  Swelling  of 
joints,  especially  knee.  Burning  of  soles  of  feet. 
Sweat  of  hands.  Arthritic  nodosities.  Soles  of  feet 
raw.     Feet  feel  cold  and  dead  at  night. 

Sleep. — Ideas  crowding  in  his  mind  prevent  sleep. 
Horrid  visions  when  opening  eyes.  Starts  at  ever>' 
noise;  fears  that  she  will  go  crazy.  Drowsy  in  early 
part  of  evening.  Frequent  waking  at  night.  Same 
disagreeable  idea  always  arouses  from  light  slumber. 

Fever. — Pulse  full  and  frequent.  Chilliness  and 
heat.  Partial  sweats.  Night  sweats,  especially  on 
head,  neck  and  chest.  Hectic  fever.  Heat  at  night 
during  menstruation,  with  restless  sleep.  Sweat 
over  head  in  children,  so  that  pillow  becomes  wet. 


CALCAHEA.    CARBONIGA. 


145 


Skin* — Unhealthy;  readily  ulcerating.  Small 
wounds  do  not  heal  readily.  Glands  swoUen.  Net- 
tle rashi  better  in  cold  air.  Warts  on  face  and 
hands. 

Modalitiei. — Worset  from  exertion,  in  cold  air. 
water,  washing,  moist  air,  wet  weather^  during  full 
nioon*  BeitbT,  dry  climate  and  weather;  lying  on 
painful  side. 

Relationship,- — Antidotes:  Cantf^h.;  Ipec;  Nit, 
ac;     Nux. 

Complementary:    Bell. 

Incompatible:    Bry. 

Compare:  Agtia  cakar .^Lime-water— (1-3  tea- 
spoonCul  in  milk;  (as  injection  for  oxyuris  vermi- 
cularis).  Calc.  caust.  (pain  in  back  and  heels,  jaws 
and  malar  bones,)  Calc.  brom,  (children  of  lax 
fiber,  nervous  and  irritable,  with  gastric  and  cere- 
bral irritation.  Tendency  io  brain  disease).  Stdpk. 
( diHers  i n  being  worse  h y  hea t ,  b o t  feet ,  e t c 0 .  Herac- 
leutn,  (  seborrboea  capitis;  violent  itching  and  fatty 
per.'Spiration  around  head,) 

Calcar.  picrata  (a  remedy  of  prime  importance  in 
recurring  or  chronic  boils,  particularly  when  located 
on  parts  thinly  covered  with  muscle  tissue,  as  on 
shin-bones,  coccyx,  audtii^y  canal,  etc.,  styes, 
phlyctenules  ►) 

Cak^  mur. — Rademacher's  Liquor^ (1  part  to  2  of 
distilled  water,  of  which  take  15  drops  in  half  a  cup 
of  water  five  times  daily.  Boils.  Porrigo  cap- 
itis. VonnUng  of  all  foad  and  drink,  with  gastric 
|min>     Impetifjo.  glandular  swellings.) 

Compare:  Lycop.;  5U.;  Ova  T.;  Cham,;  Kali 
bich.;  Puis. 

Dgse.— Sixth  to  thirtieth  attenuation. 


■ 


146  CALCARBA   FLUORICA. 

CALCAREA    FLUORICA. 
(Fluoride  of  Lime.) 

A  powerful  tissue  remedy  for  hard,  stony  glands, 
varicose  and  enlarged  veins  and  malnutrition  of 
bones.  Induration  threatening  suppuration.  Many 
cases  of  cataract  have  undoubtedly  been  influenced 
favorably  by  it. 

Mind. — Great  depression;  groundless  fears  of 
financial  ruin. 

Head. — Creaking  noise  in  head.  Blood-tumors  of 
new-bom  infants.  Hard  excrescences  on  the  scalp. 
Ulcers  on  the  scalp  with  callous,  hard  edges. 

Eyes. — Flickering  and  sparks  before  the  eyes; 
spots  on  the  cornea;   conjunctivitis,  cataract. 

Ears. — Calcareous  deposits  on  tympanum;  scle- 
rosis of  ossicula  and  petrous  portion  of  temporal 
bone,  with  deafness,  ringing,  and  roaring.  Chronic 
suppuration  of  middle  ear. 

Nose. — Cold  in  the  head ;  stuffy  cold;  dry  coryza; 
ozaena.  Copious,  offensive,  thick,  greenish,  lumpy, 
yellow  nasal  catarrh. 

Face. — Hard  swelling  on  the  cheek,  with  pain  or 
toothache,  hard  swelling  on  jaw-bone. 

Mouth. — Gum -boil,  with  hard  swelling  on  the  jaw; 
stony  hard  swelling  on  the  jaw-bone.  Cracked  ap- 
pearance of  the  tongue,  with  or  without  pain.  In- 
duration of  the  tongue,  hardening  after  inflamma- 
tion. Unnatural  looseness  of  the  teeth,  with  or 
without  pain;  teeth  become  loose  in  their  sockets. 
Toothache,  with  pain  if  any  food  touches  the  tooth. 

Throat. — Burning  in  throat;  better  by  warm 
drinks. 


iBEA   FLUORIC  A,  l^J 

Stomacli. — Vomiting  of  undigested  food.  Hic- 
cough [C  a  J  It  p.;  Sulpk.  ac.].     Flatulency. 

Stool  and  Anus. — Fissure  of  the  anus,  and  in- 
tensely sore  crack  near  the  lower  end  of  the  boweL 
Bleeding  hseniorrhoids.  Itching  of  anus  as  from 
pin -worms.  Internal  or  blind  piles  frequently,  with 
pain  in  back,  generally  far  down  on  the  sacrum,  and 
constipation.     Much  wind  in  lower  bowels. 

Male. — Hydrocele,  iridurations  of  the  testicles. 

Respiratory  Organs, — Hoarseness.  Croup.  Cough 
with  expectoration  of  tiny  lumps  of  yellow  mucus, 
with  tickling  sensation  and  irritation  on  lying  down. 
Hard  knots  in  the  female  breast. 

Circulatory  Organs. — Chief  remedy  for  vascular 
tumors  with  dilated  blood-vessels,  and  for  varicose 
or  enlarged  veins. 

Neck  and  Back.— Chronic  lumbago;  aggravated  on 
beginning  to  move,  and  ameliorated  on  continued 
motion.  Osseous  tumors.  Rachitic  enlargement  of 
femur  in  infants.  Pain  lower  part  of  back,  with 
burning. 

Extremities.— CVanglia  or  encysted  tumors  at  the 
back  of  the  wrist.  Gouty  enlargements  of  the  joints 
of  the  fingers.  Exostoses  on  fingers.  Chronic 
synovitis  of  knee-joint. 

Sleep.^^ Vivid  dreams,  with  sense  of  impending 
danger » 

Skia. — Chaps  and  cracks.  Fissures  or  cracks  in 
the  pcdms  of  the  hands  or  hard  skin>  Fissure  of 
the  anus.  Suppurations  with  callous  hard  edges. 
Whitlow.  Indolent  fistulous  ulcers,  secreting  thick 
yellow  pus.  Knots,  kernels,  hardened  glands  in  the 
female  breast.     Swellings  c?r  indurated  enlargefnents 


148      CALCAREA   PLUORICA CALCARBA   lODATA. 

having  their  seat  in  the  fasciae  and  capsular  liga- 
ments of  joints,  or  in  the  tendons.  Indurated  glands 
of  stony  hardness. 

Modalities. — Worse  during  rest,  changes  of 
weather.     Better  heat,  warm  applications. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Con.;  Lapis.;  Baryt. 
mur.;  Hecla;  Rhus. 

Dose. — Third  to  twelfth  trituration. 


CALCAREA    lODATA. 

(Iodide  of  Lime.) 

It  is  in  the  treatment  of  scrofulous  affections, 
especially  enlarged  glands,  tonsils,  etc.,  that  this 
remedy  has  gained  marked  beneficial  results.  Ade- 
noids.    Uterine  fibroids.     Croup. 

Head. — Headache  while  riding  against  cold  wind. 
Light-headed.  Catarrh;  worse  at  root  of  nose;  no 
sneezing;  very  little  sensation.  Polypi  of  nose  and 
ear. 

Throat. — Enlarged  tonsils  are  filled  with  little 
crypts. 

Respiratory. — Chronic  cough;  hectic  fever;  green 
purulent  expectoration.     Croup. 

Relationship.  —  Compare:  A  gr  aphis  Bluebell, 
(adenoids  with  enlarged  tonsils).  Aeon,  lycotonum, 
(swelling  of  glands,  Hodgkins'  disease). 

Compare  also:    Calc.  fluor.;  Sil.;  Merc.  iod. 

Dose. — Second  and  third  trituration. 


II 


CALCAREA    PHOSPttORICA. 


CALCAREA    PHOSPHORICA, 
(Phosphate  of  Liine.) 

One  of  the  important  tissue  remedies,  and  while' 
it  has  many  symptoms  in  common  with  Calcarea 
Curb.,  there  are  some  differences  and  characteristic 
features  of  its  own.  It  is  especially  indicated  in 
tardy  dentition  and  troubles  incident  to  that  period, 
bone  diseases*  non-union  of  fractured  bones,  and  the 
anceinias  after  acute  diseases  and  chronic  wast  in  j^ 
diseases  It  has  a  special  affinity  where  bones  form 
sutures  or  symphyses,  and  all  its  symptoms  are  worse. 
frona  any  change  of  weather.  Numbness  and  crawl- 
ing are  characteristic  sensations,  and  tendency  to 
perspiration  and  glandular  enlargement  are  symp- 
toms it  shares  with  the  carbonate. 

Mind, — Peevish,  forgetfuU    after  grief  and  vexa- 
tion.     [IgtmL;  Phos,  ac.] 

Head. — Headache^  worse  near  ihe  region  of  su- 
tures, from  chang&  of  weather,  of  school  children 
about  puberty.  Fontanelles  remain  open  too  long, 
Iranial  bones  soft  and  thin.  Defective  hearing, 
_jeadache»  with  abdominal  flatulence.  Head  hot^ 
rWith  smarting  of  roots  of  hair.  '^H 

Eyes, — Diffused  opacity  in  cornea  following  ab^i^ 


Mouth. — Swollen  tonsils;  cannot  open  mouth 
without  pain.  Complaints  during  teething;  teeth 
develop  slowly;  rapid  decay  of  teeth.  Adenoid 
growths.     [A  graph.] 

Stomach*— Infant  w^ants  to  nnrse  all  the  time 
and  votnits  easily.  Craving  for  bacon ^  hanft,  salted  ar 
smaked  meais.    Mu^k  ftatulmice.     Great  huu^ex  -^K^a. 


150  CALCAREA    PHOSPHORICA. 

thirst ;  flatulence  temporarily  relieved  by  sotu 
tations.     Heartburn.     Easy  vomiting  in  chil 

Abdomen. — At  every  attempt  to  eat,  colicky  j 
abdomen.  Sunken  and  flabby.  Colic,  sorenei 
burning  around  navel. 

Neck  and  Back. — Rheumatic  pain  from  di 
of  air,  with  stiffness  and  dullness  of  head.  Sc 
in  sacro-iliac  symphysis,  as  if  broken.     [jEsc, 

Urine. — Increased,  with  sensation  of  wea 
Pain  in  region  of  kidneys  when  lifting  or  h. 
the  nose. 

Stool. — Bleeding  after  hard  stool.  Dia 
from  juicy  fruits  or  cider;  during  dentition.  ( 
sHmy,  hot,  sputtering,  undigested,  with  fetid 
Fistula  in  ano,  alternating  with  chest  sjmaptc 

Female. — Menses  too  early,  excessive,  and 
in  girls.  If  late,  blood  is  dark;  sometimes 
bright,  then  dark,  with  violent  backache.  I 
lactation  with  sexual  excitement.  Nymphoi 
with  aching,  pressing,  or  weakness  in  uterine  i 
[Plat.]  After  prolonged  nursing.  Leucorrhoe 
white  of  egg.  [Borax.]  Worse  morning.  Ch 
fuses  breast;  milk  tastes  salty.  Prolapsus 
biUtated  persons. 

Respiratory. — Involuntary  sighing.  Chesi 
Suffocative  cough ;  better  lying  down.  Hoars 
Pain  through  lower  left  lung. 

Extremities. — Stiffness  and  pain,  with  cold, 
feeling,  worse  any  change  of  weather.     Crawlii 
coldness.     Buttocks,  back  and  limbs  asleep, 
in  joints  and  bones.     Weary  when  going  up-si 

Relationship. — Complementary :    Ruta. 

Compare:     Calcar.  hypophosphorosa  (Hyp 


CALC    PHOS.' — CALC-    REN.^ CALC    SULPJI.         151 

phite),  (angiim  pectoris,  astliina,  affection  of  arteries » 
Veinis  stand  out  like  whip -cords.  Attacks  of  pain 
occiirrmg  two  hours  after  meals  relieved  by  a  cup  of 
milk  or  light  food  j  Ckeiranthus  (effects  of  cutting 
wisdom  teeth).  Calcarea  silicata^  i  x  trit.  (for 
atrophy  of  children.  Ulcers  with  punged-out  edga^. 
[KaL  tick.]  Corneal  ex'udations) .  Conchiolin  {in 
bone  affections,  especially  when  the  growing  ends 
are  affected).     Silica i  P sarin.;  Sulpk. 

Modalities. — Worse,  exposure  to  damp,  cold 
weather,  melting  snow*  Better ^  in  summer;  warm, 
dry  atniosphere. 

Dose, — First  t<)  third  trituration. 

CALCAREA     RENALIS, 
(Renal  CfllcuU.) 

It  is  reported  to  cure  renal  calculi,  gravel,  and  to 
lessen  the  tendency  to  accumulation  of  tartar  on 
teeth.     Rigg's  disease  of  the  teeth. 

Dose. — First  to  sixth  trituration. 

CALCAREA  StTLPHURICA. 

{Sulphate  of  Lime — Plaster  of  Paris*) 

Eczema  and  torpid  glandular  swellings.  Cystic 
tumors.  Fibroids.  Suppurative  processes  come 
within  the  range  of  this  remedy,  after  pus  has  found 
a  vent.  Mucous  discharges  are  yellow ^  thick ^  and 
lumpy. 

Head. — Scald-head  of  children,  if  there  be  puru- 
lent discharge,  or  yellow,  p\u-ulent  crusts. 

Eyes. — Inflaffimaiton  of  the  eyes,  imVt  discharge  of 
thdck,  yellow  matt^.  Sees  only  one -half  an  object. 
Cornea  smoky*     Ophthalmia  neonatorutTi* 


152  CALCAREA   SULPHURICA. 

Ears. — Deafness,  with  discharge  of  matter  from 
the  middle  ear,  sometimes  mixed  with  blood. 
Pimples  around  ear. 

Nose. — Cold  in  the  head,  with  thick,  yellowish, 
purulent  secretion,  frequently  tinged  with  blood. 
One-sided  discharge  from  nose.  Yellowish  dis- 
charge from  posterior  nares.     Edges  of  nostrils  sore. 

Face. — Pimples  and  pustules  on  the  face.     Herpes. 

Mouth. — Inside  of  lips  sore.  Tongue  flabby,  re- 
sembling a  layer  of  dried  clay.  Sour,  soapy,  acrid 
taste.     Yellow  coating  at  base. 

Throat. — Last  stage  ot  ulcerated  sore  throat,  with 
discharge  of  yellow  matter.  Suppurating  stage  of 
tonsillitis,  when  abscess  is  discharging. 

Abdomen. — Pain  in  region  of  liver,  in  right  side  of 
pelvis,  followed  by  weakness,  nausea,  and  pain  in 
stomach. 

Stool. — Purulent  diarrhoea  mixed  with  blood- 
Diarrhoea  alter  maple  sugar  and  from  change  of 
weather.  Pus-like,  slimy  discharge  from  the  bowels. 
Painful  abscesses  about  the  anus  in  cases  of  fistula. 

Female. — Menses  late,  long-lasting,  with  head- 
ache, twitching,  great  weakness. 

Respiratory.^Cough,  with  purulent  and  sanious 
sputa  and  hectic  fever.  Empyema,  pus  forming  in 
the  lungs  or  pleural  cavities.  Purulent,  sanious  ex- 
pectoration. Catarrh,  with  thick,  lumpy,  white- 
yellow  or  pus-like  secretion. 

Extremities. — Burning-itching  of  soles  of  feet. 

Fever. — Hectic  fever,  caused  by  formation  of  pus. 
With  cough  and  burning  in  soles. 

Skin. — Cuts,  wounds,  bruises,  etc.,  unhealthy, 
discliarging  pus;  they  do  not  heal  readily.     Yellow, 


r 


CAtC.    SULPHURICA^-CALSNDULA.  153 


purulent  cnists  or  discharge.     Purulent  exudations 
in  or  upon  the  skin.     Skin  affections  with  yellowish 

i scabs.     Many  little  matterless  pimplea  under  the 
liair,  bleeding  when  scratched. 
Helationsliip.— Compare:     He  par;  Siltca;  Cahnd. 
Dofse. — Second  and  third  trituration. 


CALENDULA    OFFICINALIS. 
(Marigold,) 

A  most  remarkable  healing  agent,  applied  locally. 
Useful  for  open  wounds,  parts  that  will  not  heal, 
i  ulcers,  etc.  Tootliache.  Deafness.  Catarrhal 
[conditions-  Neuroma.  Constitutional  tendency  to 
er^'sipelas.  Pain  is  excessive  and  out  of  all  propor- 
tion to  injury.  Gr^ai  disposition  to  take  cold,  es- 
pecially in  damp  weather.  Paralysis  after  apoplexy. 
I  Cancer,  as  an  intercurrent  remedy.  Has  remark- 
I  able  power  to  produce  local  exudation  and  helps  to 
jnake  acrid  discharge  healthy  and  free. 

Head, — Extremely  nervous;  tearing  headache; 
weight  on  brain. 

Hose.— Cory za  in  one  nostril;  with  much  green 
discharge. 

Eyes. — Injuries  to  eyes  w^ich  tend  to  suppura- 
tion; after  operations;  blennorrhoea  of  lachrymal 
sac, 

Ears.^ — DeafneJis;  worse  in  damp  surroundings. 
tHears^best  on  a  train ^  and  distant  sounds. 

Stomflch,— Hunger  immediately  after  nursing. 
Bulimy.  Heartburn  with  horripilations-  Nausea  in 
chests  Vomiting,  Sinking  sensation*  Epigastric 
istention. 


154         CALENDULA   OFFICINALIS CALOTROPIS. 

Respiratory. — Cough,  with  green  expectoration, 
hoarseness;   with  distention  of  inguinal  ring. 

Female. — Warts  at  the  os  externum.  Menses  sup- 
pressed, with  cough.     Chronic  endocervicitis. 

Skin. — Yellow;  goose-flesh.  Promotes  favorable 
cicatrization,  with  least  amount  of  suppuration. 
Slough,  proud  flesh,  and  raised  edges. 

Fever. — Coldness,  great  sensitiveness  to  open  air; 
shuddering  in  back ;  skin  feels  warm  to  touch.  Heat 
in  evening. 

Modalities. — Worse  in  damp,  cloudy  weather. 

Relationship. — Compare  :Hama»n.;  Hyp.;  Symph.; 
Am. 

Compare  in  deafness:  Fer.  pic;  Kal.  tod.;  Calc.; 
Mag.  c;  Graph. 

Antidote:    Chelidon.;    Rheum. 

Dose. — Locally,  Aqueous  Calendula;  internally, 
tincture,  to  third  potency. 

CALOTROPIS. 
(Madar  Bark.) 

Has  been  used  with  marked  success  in  the  treat- 
ment of  syphilis  following  Mercvwy;  also,  in  ele- 
phantiasis, leprosy,  and  acute  dysentery.  Pneu- 
monic phthisis. 

Increases  the  circulation  in  the  skin;  has  powerful 
effects  as  a  sudorific.  In  the  secondary  symptoms 
of  syphilis,  where  Mercury  has  been  used  but  cannot 
be  pushed  safely  any  further,  it  rapidly  recruits  the 
constitution,  heals  the  ulcers  and  blotches  from  the 
skin,  and  perfects  the  cure.  Primary  ancemia  of 
syphilis.  Heat  in  stomach  is  a  good  guiding  symp 
tom. 


CALOTROPIS — CALTHA. — CAMPHOR. 


^SS 


Relationship.'^IJompare:  Merc.;  Potass,  iod,;  Berb. 
ttqui.;    Sarsap. 

Dose,^ — Tincture,  one  to  five  drops;  three  times  a 
day. 

CALTHA    PALUSTRIS. 

(Cowslip*) 

Skin.— -Pemphigus,  Bullie  are  surrotitided  by  a 
Xing,  Much  itching.  Face  much  swollen,  especially 
jaround  the  eyes.  Itching^  eruption  on  thighs. 
Pustules;.    Uterine  cancer. 

Dose .  — Tincture . 

CAMPHORA,  M 

(Camphor,)  ^ 

Pictures  a  state  of  collapse.  Icy  coldness  of  the 
whole  body :  sudden  sinking  of  strength;  pulse  small 
and  weak.  This  condition  is  met  with  in  cholera, 
and  here  it  is  that  Camphor  has  achieved  classical 
fame*  First  stages  of  a  cold,  with  chilliness  and 
$neezing. 

It  is  characteristic  of  Carrtphor  that  the  patient 
will  not  he  covered,  notwrthstatidirig  the  icy  coldness 
of  the  body^  One  of  the  main  remedies  in  shock. 
Pain  better  while  thinking  of  it.  Very  sensitive  to 
cold  air  and  to  touch.  Sequelae  of  measles.  Violeni 
convulsions.  Tetanic  spasms*  Scrofulous  chil- 
dren and  irritable,  weakly  blondes  especially  affected* 

Head, — Influenza;  headache,  with  catarrhal 
aymptoms,  sneering,  etc,  Beatirig  pain  in  cerebel- 
ilum.  Cold  sweat.  Nose  cold  and  pinched.  Tongue 
I^old*  flabby,  trembling*  Fleeting  stitches  in  tem- 
poral region  and  orbits.  Head  sore,  Occifttal 
^robbing,  synckr^n^i4S  with  the  pulse. 


156  CAMPHORA. 

Eyes. — Fixed,  staring;  pupils  dilated.  Sensation 
as  if  all  objects  were  too  bright  and  glittering. 

Nose. — Stopped;  sneezing.  Fluent  coryza  on 
sudden  change  of  weather.     Cold  and  pinched. 

Face. — Pale,  haggard,  anxious,  distorted;  bluish, 
cold. 

Stomach. — Pressive  pain  in  pit  of  stomach.  Cold- 
ness, followed  by  burning. 

Stool. — Blackish;  involuntary.  AsiaUc  cholera, 
with  cramps  in  calves,  coldness  of  body,  anguish, 
great  weakness,  collapse,  tongue  and  mouth  cold. 

Urine. — Burning  and  strangury,  with  tenesmus  of 
the  neck  of  the  bladder.    Retention  with  full  bladder. 

Male. — Desire  increased.  Chordee.  Priapism. 
Nightly  emissions. 

Respiratory. — Prsecordial  distress.  Suffocative 
dyspnoea.  Asthma.  Violent,  dry,  hacking  cough. 
Palpitation.     Breath  cold.     Suspended  respiration. 

Sleep. — Insomnia,  with  cold  limbs.  Subsultus 
and  extreme  restlessness. 

Fever. — Pulse  small,  weak,  slow.  Icy  coldness  of 
the  whole  body.  Cold  perspiration.  Congestive 
chill.     Tongue  cold,  flabby,  trembling. 

Skin. — Cold,  pale,  blue,  Hvid.  Cannot  bear  to  be 
covered.     [Secale.] 

Relationship. — Camphor  antidotes  or  modifies  the 
action  of  nearly  every  vegetable  medicine — tobacco, 
worm  medicines,  etc.  Luff  a  acutangula;  (whole 
body  ice-cold,  with  restlessness  and  anxiety;  burn- 
ing thirst.)  Camphoric  acid  (a  prophylactic  against 
catheter  fever;  cystitis  15  grains  three  times  a  day). 

Incompatible:     Kali  nit. 


r 


CAMPH.— CAMPH.    MONO-BROM. CANCH. 


157 


Antidotes: — Opium;  Nitr.  sp.  duic;  Phos. 

Compare:  Carbo;  Cuprum;  Arsenic;   Veroir. 
L-'iPose,^ — Tincture,    in    drop    doses,    repeated    fre- 
Rjltetitly,  or  smelling  of  Spirits  of  Camphor. 


CAMPHORA     MONO-BROMATA, 

(Mono-bromide  of  Camphor.) 

Nerv&us  e^ii^itabiiity  is  the  guiding  condition.    Sup- 
pression of  milk.     Nightly  emissions.     Painful  erec- 
tions.    Paralysis  agitans.       Cholera  infantum,  and 
I  infantile-  convulsions.     Intensifies    the    action    of 
Quinine  and  renders  it  more  permanent. 

Mind,— Directions  appear  reversed;  i.e.,  north 
seems  south,  and  east  seems  west.  Hysteria ;  weep- 
ing and  laughing  alternately.     Trance -like  state. 

Dose, — Second  trituration. 


CANCHALAGUA. 

(Etythraea   chironiodes-^-CentaiiryO 

Of  use  in  severe  types  of  intermittent  fever  in  hot 
countries;    also,  in  inftuenza. 

Head.— Congested.  Scalp  feels  tight ;  burnmg  in 
eyes,  buzzing  in  ears. 

Fever, — ^hill  all  over;  worse  in  bed  at  night. 
Sensitive  to  cold  trade -winds  on  Pacific  Coast.  Gen- 
eral sore  and  bruised  feeling;  nausea  and  retching » 

Skin. — ^ Wrinkled  like  a  washerwoman *iJ.  Scalp 
feels  tight,  as  if  drawn  together  by  India-rubber. 

Dose. — Tincture*  in  drop  doses. 


158  CANNABIS    INDICA* 


I  158 

^■^  CANNABIS    mDICA, 

^^^^    Produces  the  most  remarkable  hallucinations  1 
L  imaginations,   exaggeraiion  of  ike  duration  of  time 

^^K    and  extent  of  space  being  most  characteristic.       Ideas 
^r    crowd  upon  each  other*     Hau  great  soothing  influ- 
ence in  many  nervous  disorders,  like  epilepsy,  mania, 
dementia t  delirmm  tremens,  and  irritable  reflexes, 

Mind.'=Exeessive  loquacity:  exuberuTtce  of  spirits. 
Time  sesms  too  long;  st^conds  seem  ages;  a  few  rods 
an  imjnense  distance.  Constantly  theorizing.  Ams- 
ions  depression;  constant  fear  of  becoming  insane. 
Sense  of  duality.  Very  forgetful;  cannot  finish  sen- 
tence. Is  lost  in  delicious  thought.  VncontrollMc 
laughter.  Delirium  tremens*  Clairvoyance.  Emo- 
tional excitement ;  rapid  change  of  mood. 

Head. — Feels  as  if  top  of  head  were  opening  and 
shutting,  and  as  if  calvarium  were  being  lifted. 
Shocks  through  brain.  [Aloe;  Coca.]  Ursemic 
headache.  Throbbing  and  weight  at  occiput. 
Headache,  with  flatulence.  Involuntary  shaking  af 
head. 

Eyes. — Fixed.  Letters  run  together  when  read- 
ing.    Clairvoyance. 

Ears. — Throbbing,  bussKing,  and  ringing.  Noise 
like  boiling  water.     Extreme  sensitiveness  to  noise. 

Face. — Expression  drow^sy  and  stupid.  Lips 
glued  together.  Grinding  of  teeth  in  sleep.  Mouth 
and  lips  dry.     Saliva  thick,  frothy,  and  sticky. 

Stomach. — Increased  appetite.  Pain  at  cardiac 
ofiEcg;    better,  pressure.     Distention. 


CANT^ABIS    INDICA.  Ig^ 

Rectum, — Sensation  in  anus  as  if  sitting  on  a  ball. 

Uriiiary. — Urine  loaded  with  slimy  mucus-  Must 
strain ;  dribbling;  has  to  wait  some  time  before  the 
urine  flows.  Stitches  and  burning  in  urethra.  Dull 
pain  in  region  of  right  kidney. 

Male. — After  sexual  intercourse,  backache.  Ooz- 
ing of  white  glair>^  mucus  from  glans.  Satyriasis. 
Prolonged  thrilL  Chordeen  Sensation  of  swelling 
in  perineum  or  near  anus,  as  if  sitting  on  a  ball. 

Female.— Menses  ffofuse,  dark,  painful,  without 
clots*  Uterine  colic,  with  great  nervous  agitation 
and  sleeplessneiis.     Sterility.     [Borax ^] 

Respiratory. — Humid  asthma.  Chest  oppressed 
with  deept  labored  breathing. 

Heart* — Palpitation  awakes  him.  Piercing  paiiii 
with  great  oppression.  Pulse  very  slow.  [Dig.; 
Kalmia;  Apocyn.] 

Extremities. — Pain  across  shoulders  and  spine; 
must  stoop;  cannot  walk  erect.  Thrilling  through 
arms  and  hands»  and  from  knees  down.  Entire 
paralysis  of  the  louder  exiremiiks.  Pain  in  soles  and 
calves;   very  exhausied  after  a  short  walk. 

Sleep, — Very  sleepy,  but  unable  to  do  so.  Obsti- 
nate and  intractable  forms  of  insomnia.  Catalepsy. 
Dreams  of  dead  bodies;    prophetic.     Nightmare. 

Modalities. — Worse,  morning;  from  coffee,  hquor, 
and  tobacco;  lying  on  right  side.  Better,  fresh  air, 
cold  water,  re.^t. 

Rclatiooship.— Be^/ti^.;  Hyoscy,;  Sir  am,;  Laches.; 
Agaric.     Anhahn  (time  sense  disordered). 
Do^. — ^TLnctuTe  and  first  attenuation. 


l6o  CANNABIS   SATIVA. 

CAiraABIS    SATIVA. 

(Hemp.) 

Seems  to  affect  especially  the  urinary,  sexual,  and 
respiratory  organs.  It  has  characteristic  sensations 
as  if  dropping  water  were  falling.  Great  fatigue,  as 
from  over-exertion;  weary  after  meals.  Choking 
in  swallowing;   things  go  down  the  wrong  way. 

Head. — Lectophobia.  Vertigo ;  sensation  of  drop- 
ping water  on  head.     Pressure  on  root  of  nose. 

Eyes. — Opacity  of  cornea.  Cataract  from  ner- 
vous disturbances,  abuse  of  alcohol  and  tobacco; 
patient  feels  deeply  approaching  blindness.  Misty 
sight.  Pressure  from  back  of  eyes,  forward.  Gon- 
orrhoeal  ophthalmia.  Eyeballs  ache.  Scrofulous 
eye  troubles.     [Sulph.;  Calc] 

Urine. — Retained,  with  obstinate  constipation. 
Painful  urging.  Micturition  in  split  stream.  Stitches 
in  urethra.  Inflamed  sensation,  with  soreness  to 
touch.  Burning  while  tirinating,  extending  to  blad- 
der. Urine  scalding,  with  spasmodic  closure  of 
sphincter.  Gonorrhoea,  acute  stage;  urethra  very 
sensitive.  Walks  with  legs  apart.  Dragging  in 
testicles.  Zigzag  pain  along  urethra.  Sexual  over- 
excitement.  Urethral  caruncle  [Eucalypt.],  phimo- 
sis.    Stoppage  of  urethra  by  mucus  and  pus. 

Respiratory. — Oppression  of  breathing  and  pal- 
pitation; must  stand  up.  Weight  on  chest;  rattling, 
wheezing  breathing.  Pericarditis;  sensation  as  if 
drops  were  falling  from  the  heart.  Cough,  with 
green  viscid,  also  bloody,  expectoration. 

Heart. — Sensation  as  if  drops  were  falling  from 


CAl*NABIS    SATIVA CANTHARES. 


I6l 


the  heart.  Painful  strokes  and  tension  with  pal- 
pitation. 

Sleep. — -Frightful  dreams.  More  tired  in  morn- 
ing.    Sleepy  during  day. 

Extremities. — Contraction  of  fingers  after  a  sprain. 
Dislocation  of  pateUa  on  going  up -stairs.  Feet  feel 
I  teavy  on  going  up-stairs.  Affections  of  the  ball  of 
the  foot  and  under  part  of  toes. 

Modalities.^iyorfe,  lying  down;    going  up -stairs. 

Relati  onship,  ^ An  tidotes  i    Catn  pk . ;  Lem  on  Ju  ice . 

Compare :  H edysaru*n — Bra zilian  B urd ock — (Gon - 
I  orrhoea  and  inflammation  of  penis) ;  Canih.;  Apis; 
Copaiva;  Thuj.;  Kal.  nit. 

Dose. — Tincture  to  ttiird  attenuation. 


^-  CANTHARIS. 

^f  (Spanish  Fly.) 

,      This  powerful  drug  produces  a  furious  disturb- 
J  ance  in  the  animal  economy,  attacking  the  urinary 
I  and  sexual  organs  especially,  perverting  their  func- 
tion,   and   setting   up   violent   inflammation^,    and 
causing  a  frenzied  delirium,  simulating  hydrophobia 
symptoms.     Puerperal  convulsions*     Produces  most 
violent  inflammation  of  the  whole  gastro-intestinal 
ctinal,  especially  lower  bowel.     OverHSensitiveneHs  of 
all  parts.     Raw,  burning  pains.     Hemorrhages.    In- 
tolerable^  constant  urging  to  urinate  is  most  character- 
1  is  tic.     Gastric  derangements  of  pregnancy. 

Mind. — -Furious  delirium.     Anxious   restlessness ^ 

*  ending  in  rage.     Crying,  barking;     worse  touching 

larynx  or  drinking  water.     Constantly  attempts  to 

do    something,    but   accomplishes   nothing.      Ac^dc 

I  fnjaniu,  generally  oi  a  sexual  type ;    amorous  iten-?.^ : 


1 6a  CANTHABtrS. 

fiery  sexual  desire.  Paroxysms  of  rage,  crying,  hixrk- 
ing.     Sudden  loss  of  consciousness  with  red  face. 

Head.— ^Burning  in  brain*  Sensation  as  if  boiling 
water  in  brain.     Vertigo;    worse  in  open  air. 

Eyes. — Yellow  vision,  [S anion.]  Fimy^  spark- 
ling,  siar-ing  look.     Burning  in  eyes. 

Ears. ^Sensation  as  if  wind  were  coming  from 
ear,  or  hot  air.     Bones  about  ear  painful.     [Capsic,] 

Face. — Pale,  wretched,  deathlike  appearance. 
Itching  vesicles  on  face,  burning  when  touched. 
Erysipelas  of  face,  with  burning,  biting  heat  with 
urinary  symptoms.     Hot  and  red. 

Throat. — Tongue  covered  with  vesicles;  deeply 
furred ;  edges  red.  Burning  in  mouth,  pharynx,  and 
throat;  vesicles  in  mouth.  Great  difficulty  in  swal- 
lowing  liquids.  Very  tenacious  mucus.  [Kal.  hick'] 
Violent  spasms  reproduced  by  touching  larynx.  In- 
flam^raation  of  throat;  feels  on  fire.  Coos trict ion ; 
aphthous  ulceration.    IHyd.  mur.;    Nit.  ac.] 

Chest. — Pleurisy,  as  soon  as  effusion  has  taken 
place.  Intense  dyspnoea;  palpitation;  frequent  dry 
cough.  Tendency  to  syncope.  Short,  hacking  cough, 
blood-streaked  tenacious  mucus.     Burning  pains. 

Stomach .^Burnijig  sensation  of  oesophagus  and 
stomach.  [Carb.]  Disgust  for  everj^thing — drink, 
food,  tobacco.  Burning  thirst,  with  aversion  to  aU 
fluids.  Very  sensitive,  violent  burnings  Vomiting 
of  blood 'Streaked  membrane  and  violent  retching- 
AggravcUi^n  from  drinking  coffee;  drinking  the 
smallest  quantity  increases  pain  in  bladder,  and  is 
vomited.     Thirst  unquenchable. 

Stool. — Shivering,  with  burning.  Dysentery;  mit- 
cons  stools,  like   scrapings  of  iniesiings.      Bloody, 


witb    burning   and   icntsmits   and  skudd^ing   after 

ami. 

Urine. — Intalerobk  urging.  Violent  paroxysms 
of  CM t ting  and  burning  in  whole  renal  region,  with 
painful  ufgiiif  to  tuinate;  bloody  urine,  by  drops. 
Intokrabk  tenesmus;  cutting  before,  during,  and 
after  urine.  Urine  scalds  kim.^  and  is  passed  drop  by 
drap.  Con^ant  desire  U>  urinate.  Membranous 
icales,  looking  like  bran  in  water*  Urine  jelly4ike» 
tohr^dy, 

Hftk. — Sir&ng  desire;  painful  erections.  Pain  in 
glans.    [Prunus;  Pateira.] 

Female. — Retained  placenta  {Sep.},  with  painful 
tirination.  Expels  moles,  dead  foetuses,  membranes, 
Etc.  Nymphomania.  [Flai.;  Hyos . ;  Loch .;  Siram.\ 
puerperal  metritis,  with  inflammation  of  bladder. 
Menses  too  early  and  too  profuse;  black  swelling  of 
vulva  with  irritation.  Constant  discharge  from 
Uterus;  worse,  false  step.  Burning  pain  in  ovaries; 
extremely  sen^tive.  P^in  in  os  coccyjc,  lancinating 
0nd  te-aring. 

Respiratory. — Voice  low;  weak  feeling.  Stitches 
in  chest.  [Bry.;  Kal.  c;  Squiiia.}  Pleurisy,  u>iih 
fx$$dati&n. 

BtfttL — Palpitation;  pulse  feeble,  irregular;  ten- 
lency  to  syncope.     Pericarditis,  untk  effusi<>H. 

Back. — Pain  in  loins,  with  incessant  desire  to 
tirmate. 

Bztremities. — ^Tearing  in  limbs.  Ulcerative  pain 
\n  soles;   cannot  step. 

>    Skin. — Tendency    to   gangrene.     Eruption,   with 
Inealy   scales,      Vesic^ilar  eruptions,   wltYi  bNaetEciEa^ 
md  itching.     Sun  bam.     .ffwritj,  scolds,  fd\kwe4'b^ 


^^  I 


1 64  CANTHARIS CAPSICUM. 

undue  inflammation.  Erysipelas^  vesicular  type, 
with  great  restlessness.  Burning  face;  begins  on 
nose.     Burning  in  soles  of  feet  at  night. 

Fever. — Cold  hands  and  feet;  cold  sweat.  Soles 
btuTi.     Chill,  as  if  water  were  poured  over  him. 

Modalities. — Worse,  from  touch,  urinating,  drink- 
ing cold  water  or  coffee.     Better,  rubbing. 

Relationship. — ^Antidotes:  Aeon.;  Cantph.;  Puis. 

Compare:  Apis;  Ars.;  Merc.  cor. 

Dose. — ^Third  to  thirtieth  potency. 

CAPSICUM. 
(Cayenne  Pepper.) 

Seems  to  suit  especially  persons  of  lax  fiber,  weak; 
diminished  vital  heat.  Such  persons  are  fat,  indo- 
lent, opposed  to  physical  exertion,  averse  to  go  out- 
side of  their  routine,  get  homesick  easily.  Abstain- 
ers from  accustomed  alcoholics.  It  affects  especially 
the  mucous  membranes,  producing  a  sensation  of 
constriction.  Inflammation  of  petrous  bone.  Btim- 
ing  pains  and  general  chilliness. 

Mind. — Excessive  peevishness.  Homesickness, 
with  sleeplessness  and  disposition  to  suicide.  Wants 
to  be  let  alone.  Peppery  disposition.  Delirium 
tremens. 

Head. — Bursting  headache;  worse  coughing. 
Hot  face.     Red  cheeks. 

Ears. — Burning  and  stinging  in  ears.  Swelling 
and  pain  behind  ears.  Inflammation  of  mastoid. 
Tenderness  over  the  petrous  hone;  extremely  sore  and 
tender  to  touch.     [Onosmod.] 

Throat. — Hot  feeling  in  fauces.     Pain  and  dry- 


CAPSICUM.  165 

ness  in  throat  extending  to  the  ears.  Sore  throat  of 
smokers  and  drinkers.  Smarting  in  throat;  con- 
striction. Uvula  relaxed*  Burning  con&triction ; 
worse  between  acts  of  deglutition, 

Moiatii. — 'Herpes  labialis.  (Apply  one  drop  of  the 
mother  tincture,)     Stomatitis. 

Stonmcli. — Fetid  odar  from  mouth.  Much  flatu* 
lence,    Mtick  thirst;  hid  drinking  causes  shuddering. 

Stool. — Bloody  mttcus^  with  burning  and  tmtesmits; 
drawing  pain  in  back  after  stool.  Thirst  aper  stool, 
with  shivering^  Bleeding  piles,  with  soreness  of 
ant3s. 

Urine, — Strangury,  frequent  almost  ineffectual 
urging.  Burning  in  orifice.  Comes  first  in  drops^ 
then  in  spurts;  neck  of  bladder  spasmodically  con- 
tracted*    Ectropion  of  meatus. 

Male. — Coldness  of  scrotum^  with  impotency. 
Loss  of  sensibility  in  testicles,  with  softening  and 
dwindling.  Gonorrhoea^  with  chordee,  excessive 
burning,  pain  in  prostate. 

Female. — Uterine  hfemorrhage  near  the  meno- 
pause, with  nausea.  Sticking  sensation  in  left  ova- 
rian region. 

Respiratory. — Constriction  of  chest;  arrests 
breathing;  Hoarseness.  Dry,  hacking  congh,  ex- 
pelling an  offensive  breath  from  lungs.  Dyspnoea. 
Feels  as  if  chest  and  head  would  fly  to  pieces.  Ex- 
plosive  cough.  Threatening  gangrene  of  lung.  Pain 
in  distant  parts  on  coughing — bladder,  legs^  ears,  etc. 

Extremitiea^^^Pain  from  hips  to  feet ;  worse  cough- 
ing.    Tensive  pain  in  the  knee^ 

Fever. — Coldness,  with  ill-humor.    Shivering  after 


I 


1 66  CAPSICUM CARBO   ANIMAUS. 

drinking.  Chill  begins  in  back;  better  heat.  Must 
have  something  hot  to  back.     Thirst  before  chill. 

Modalities. — Better,  while  eating,  from  heat. 
Worse^   open  air,   uncovering. 

Relationship. — Antidote:    Cina;  Caiad, 

Compare:  Pulsat.;  Lycop.;  BeU.  Centaurea 
(surging  of  blood;  homesickness;  intermittent  fe- 
ver). 

Dose. — Third  to  sixth  attenuation.  In  deliriiun 
tremens,  dram  doses  of  tincture  in  milk. 

CARBO    ANIMALIS. 
(Animal  CharcoaL) 

Seems  to  be  especially  adapted  to  scrofulotis  and 
venous  constitutions,  old  people,  and  after  debili- 
tating disease,  with  feeble  circulation  and  lowered 
vitality.  Glands  are  indurated,  veins  distended, 
skin  blue.  Stitch  remaining  after  pleurisy.  Easily 
strained  from  lifting.  Weakness  of  nursing  women. 
Ulceration  and  decomposition. 

Mind. — Desire  to  be  alone,  sad  and  reflective, 
avoids  conversation.  Anxiety  at  night,  with  orgasm 
of  blood. 

Head. — Headache,  as  if  head  had  been  blown  to 
pieces.  Rush  of  blood  with  confusion.  Sensation 
as  if  something  lay  above  eyes  so  that  she  could  not 
look  up.  Vertigo  followed  by  nosebleed.  Nose 
swollen,  tip  bluish — small  tumor  on  it.  Hearing 
confused;    cannot  tell  direction  of  sound. 

Stomach. — Eating  tires  patient.  Weak,  empty 
feeling  in  stomach.  Burning  and  griping.  Ptomaine 
poisoning.  Repugnance  to  fat  food.  Sour  water 
"  om  mouth.     Pyrosis. 


CARBO   ANIMALIS CARBO   VEGETABlLlS,         l6j 

Femmle. — Nausea  of  pregimncy;  worse  at  night. 
Lochia  offensive.  [Kreos.;  Rhus;  Secale.]  Menses 
followed  by  great  exhaustion  [Cocc.]^  flow  only  in 
morning.  [Bor.;  Sep,]  Burning  in  vagina  and 
labia.  Darting  in  breast;  patnful  indurations  in 
breast}  especially  ri^ht*  Cancer  of  uterus,  burning 
pain  down  thighs* 

Respiratory, — Pleurisy^  typhoid  character,  and 
remaining  stitch.  Ulceration  of  lung,  with  feeling 
of  coldness  of  chest.  Cough,  with  discharge  of 
greenish  pus. 

Skin, — Spongy  ulcers,  copper-colored  eruption. 
Acne   rosacea. 

Glands. — Indurated,  swollen,  painful,  in  neck, 
axillae,  groin,  mammae^  pains  lancinating,  cutting, 
burning.     ICon.;  Merc,  iod,  flav.] 

Kxtremities, — Pain  in  coccyx ;  bums  when  touch- 
ed. Ankles  turn  easily.  Straining  and  overHfting 
produce  great  debility^  Joints  weak-  Nighisweai 
fetid  and  profuse.     Wrists  pain. 

Modalities. — Worse  after  shaving,  after  loss  of 
animal  fluids. 

Helationship, — Complementary:    Calc.  pkos. 

Antidote:    Ars,;  Nitx. 

Compare:    Badiaga;  Sepia;  Suiph,;  Plumb,  iod. 

Dose. — Tliird  tc>  thirtieth  potency.  The  third 
trituration  for  insufflation  in  aural  polypi. 

CARBO   VEGETABILIS, 

(Vegetable  Charcoal,) 

A  lowered  vital  power  from  loss  of  fluids,  after 
drugging;  after  other  diseases;  in  old  people  with 
venous  congestions;     states  of  collapse  in  cholera, 


1 63  CARfiO  rsGETABlLtS 

typhoid;  these  are  some  of  the  conditioELs  offering 
special  inducements  to  the  action  of  Carbo  veg. 
The  patient  may  he  alnaost  lifeless,  but  the  head 
is  hot;  coldness,  breath  cool,  pulse  imperceptiblet 
oppressed  and  quickened  respiration,  and  must  have 
air  J  must  be  fa^nned  hard,  must  have  all  the  windows 
open.  This  is  a  typical  state  for  Carbo  veg^.  The 
patient  £a.ints  easily,  is  worn  out,  and  must  have 
fresh  air»  Haemorrhage  from  any  mucous  surface. 
Very  debihtated.  Patient  seems  to  be  too  weak  to 
hold  out.  Persons  who  have  never  fully  wcaver^d 
from  the  effects  of  some  prevu>HS  illness. 

Mind. — ^Aversion  to  darkness*     Fear  of  ghosts. 

Head. — Aches  from  any  over-indulgence.  Hair 
feels  sore,  falls  off  easily:  scalp  itch^  when  getting 
warni  in  bed.  Hat  pressed  upon  head  like  a  hea^y 
weight.  [Nit.  ac.]  Head  feels  heavy,  constricted- 
Vertigo  with  nausea  and  tinnitus. 

Eyes,— Vision  of  black  floating  spots.  AsthcEO- 
pia.     Burning  in  eye^.     Muscles  pain. 

'Sosic^—Epistaxis  in  daily  aUacks,  wiih  pale  face. 
Bleeding  after  straining,  with  pale  face;  tip  of  nose 
red  and  scabby,  itching  around  nostrils.  Varicose 
veins  on  nose. 

Mouth.— -Tongue  coated  white  or  yellow  brown- 
Teeth  very  sensitive  when  chewing ;  gums  retracted 
and  bleed  ^tsily.  Blood  oozing  from  gums  when 
cleaning  teeth.     Pyorrhoea.     \Merc.;  Kreos^l 

Face. — 'Pale,  hippocratic,  cold  with  cold  sweat; 
blue,     [Ctif.;  Opium.] 

Stom&ch. —  Eruamions,  heamness,  fullness,  and 
sleepiness;  tense  from  flatulence,  with  pain;  worse 
fyinj^  down.     Erxictations  after  eating  and  drinkm& 


CAmSO    VBGETABILTS.  [6^ 

T^Dporary  telkf  from  belching.  RaDcid,  sour,  or 
putrid  eructations,  Waterbrash,  asthmatic  breath- 
ing from  flatulence.  Nausea  in  the  momii\c.  Burn- 
ing in  stomach,  extending  to  back  and  along^  spine, 

I  Coniraafve  pain  ertrndtng  Uy  chest,  unth  disieHiMn  cf 

I  abdomen.  Faint  gone  feeling  in  stomach,  not  te- 
tieved  by  eating,  Crampy  pains  forcing  patient  to 
bend  double*     Distress  comes  on  a  half -hour  after 

I  eating.  Sensitiveness  of  epigastric  region.  IHgts* 
Hon  slow;  food  pttirefies  before  it  digests.  Gastral- 
gia  of  nursing  women,  with  excessive  flatulence,  sour» 
rancid,  belching.     Aversion  to  milk,  meat,  and  fai 

'  things.  The  simplest  food  distresses.  Epigastric  n?- 
gion  very  sensitive, 

'      Abdomen, — -Pain  as  from   lifting  a  weiglit;    eolic 

Bn  riding  in  a  carriage;  escessiv^e  discharge  of  fetid 
lis.     Cannot  bear  tight  clotliing  around  \n  aist  and 
omen.     Ailments   accompanying   intestinal    lis- 
^*^*.«5*      Abd<imcn   greatly  distended;    better  passing 
wind.     Flatnlcni  colic.     Pain  in  liver. 

'  StooL — Discharge  of  blood  from  rectum.  Burn- 
ing at  anus,  burning  varices.  [Mur.  ac,\  Painful 
diarrhoea  of  old  people.  Frequent,  involuntary  ca- 
daverous-smelling stools,  followed  by  burning. 
White  haemorrhoids;  excoriation  of  anus, 

Maie. — Discharge    of    prostatic    fluid    at    itooL, 
Itching  and  moisture  at  thigh  near  scrotum, 

Femaie.^ — Premature  and  too  copious  mensMsn; 
pale  blood.  Vulva  swollen;  aphthae;  varices  on 
pudenda,  Leucorrhoea  before  mmtwt^,  thick,  green • 
ishp  milky,  excoriating.     [Kreos] 

Respiratory. — Deep,  rough  voice,  fading  on  slight 
exertion.      Haarsgfsess;    mofst^    n}fning$,    t«t\^iLmit* 
ev^nm^  oppression  a{  breathing ,  sore  atid  ta^  ^^'ti 


1 

i 


1 7©  CARBO.   VEG. CARBOLIC.  ACID. 

Wheezing  and  rattling  of  mucus  in  chest.  Coughs 
with  burmng  in  chest;  worse  in  evening,  in  open 
air,  after  eating,  and  talking.  Spasmodic  cough, 
bluish  face,  offensive  expectorations,  neglected  pneu- 
monia. Breath  cold;  must  he  fanned.  Haemorrhage 
from  lungs.     Asthma  in  aged,  with  blue  skin. 

Extremities. — Heavy,  stiff;  feel  paralyzed;  go  to 
sleep.  Cramp  in  soles;  feet  numb  and  sweaty.  Cold 
from  knees  down.     Toes  red,  swollen. 

Fever. — Coldness,  with  thirst.  Burning  in  va- 
rious places.  Perspiration  on  eating.  Hectic  fever; 
exhausting  sweats. 

Skin. — Itching;  worse  in  evening,  when  warm  in 
bed  Moist  skin;  hot  perspiration;  senile  gangrene 
beginning  in  toes,  bed  sores;  bleed  easily.  Falling 
out  of  hair  from  a  general  weakened  condition.  In- 
dolent ulcers,  burning  pain.  Ichorous,  offensive  dis- 
charge; tendency  to  gangrene  of  the  margins.  Pur- 
pura     Varicose  ulcers,  c3irhMnc\es.     [Ars.;  Anthrac.] 

Modalities. — Worse  evening;  from  fat  food,  but- 
ter, coffee,  milk,  warm  damp  weather.  Better  from 
eructation,  from  fanning,  cold. 

Relationship. — Antidotes:  Spirits  Nitre;  Camph.; 
Ambra. 

Compare:  Lycop.;  Ars.;  China. 

Dose. — First  to  third  trituration  in  stomach  dis- 
orders. Thirtieth  potency  and  higher  in  collapse 
and  other  conditions. 

CARBOLICUM    ACIDUM. 

(Phenol — Carbolic  Acid.) 

Produces  mental  and  bodily  languor,  disinclina- 
tion to  study,  with  headache  like  a  band.       Very 


CARBOMCTJM   ACIDUM.  T7I 


I     marked  acuiensss  of  smell  is  a  strong  guiding  symp- 
[     totn.        Storaach    symptoms    are    also    Important. 
Pains  are  terrible;  come  and  go  suddenly.    Physical 
exertion  brings  on  abscess  somewhere.       Putrid  dis- 
charges.    [Bapi.] 

Head. — Disinclined  to  mental  work.  Tight  feel- 
ing, as  if  compressed  by  a  rubber  band  [Gels.: 
Merc]  Orbital  neuralgia  over  right  eye.  Head- 
ache;  better,  by  green  tea;  while  smoking 

Nose, — Smell  very  acifte.  Putrid  discharge.  In- 
fluenza and  resulting  debility.    [Bapi,;  Nai.  Sitlph] 

Throat. — Burning  in  moiiik  to  stomach.  Fauces 
red,  and  covered  with  exudation.  Uvula  whitened 
and  shriveled.  Putrid  discharge.  Almost  impos- 
sible to  swallow.  Diphtheria ^  fetid  breath,  regurgita' 
tion  on  swallowing  liquids,  but  little  pain.  [Bapt.] 
Face  dusky  red;  white  about  mouth  and  nose. 
Rapid  sinking  of  vital  forces* 

Stoma ch»— Appetite  lost.  Desire  for  siimtdanis 
and  iohui^co.  Constant  belch ing,  nausea,  vomiting, 
dark  olive  green.  Heat  rises  up  oesophagus*  Flatu- 
lent distention  of  stomach  and  abdomen*  [Carha; 
Lye;  Arg.  nit.] 

StooL — Constipati onj  with  very  offensive  breath. 
Bloody,  Uke  scrapings  of  intestines.  Great  tenes- 
mus,    Diarrhcea;    stools  thin,  black,  putrid.  | 

Urine » — Almost  black.     Diabetes. 

Female.— Discharges  always  offensive.  [Nitr.  ac,; 
Nux  V,;  Sep.]  Pustules  about  vulva  containing 
bloody  pus.  Agonizing  backache  across  loins,  with 
dragging-down  thighs.  Pain  in  left  ovary;  worse  1 
walking  in  open  air.  Erosions  of  cervix ;  fetid  acrid 
discharge.     Leucorrhoea    in    children,     [Cann,    J.; 


n 


17a    CARBOLIC   ACID. CARB.    OXY,— CA»B,    SUXPH. 

Mwc,;  Fids,;  Sep^  Puerperal  fever,  with  offensive 
discharge.  Irritating  leucorrhoea^  causing  itcbing 
and  burning.     [KtBos.\ 

Skin, — ^Itching  vesicles,  with  burning  pain.  Bums 
tend  to  ulcerate, 

RelatiooBhip.— Compare :  Chrysarobin  (locally  in 
fingivofm  of  the  scalp  5-10%  in  glycerine  and  alco- 
hoL     Equal  parts.)     Ars.;  Kreosot,;  Carbo. 

Antidote:     Vinegar;  Chalk. 

Incompatible'    Glycerine  and  vegetable  mis. 

Dose. — Third  to  thirtieth  potency. 

CARBOHEUM     OXYGENISATUM. 

(Carlionous  Oxyde.) 

Herpes  zoster,  pemphigus^  and  trismus  are  pro- 
duced by  this  drug.  Coldness,  sleepiness,  loss  of 
consciousness  are  marked. 

Head. ^Inclination  to  turn  in  a  circle.  Ja'OfS 
firmly  clenched.     Trismus, 

Skin,— AnsBsthesia^  vesication  along  course  of 
nerves;  herpes  aoster;  pemphigus,  with  large  and 
small  vesicles.     Hands  icy  cold. 

Sleep, — Deep,  prolonged;  sleepiness  for  several 
days* 

Dose,— First  attenuation. 

CARBONEUM     SULPHURATUM, 

(AIcoliol  Sulphuris— Bi-Sulphide  of  Carbon,) 

Meniere 's  disease ,  Tinni  tu  s  aurium  of  long  stand  - 
ing.  Impotence,  sciatica,  come  within  the  therapeu- 
tic sphere  of  this  remedy.     Marked  action  on  the 


CARB.   SULPH. CARDUUS  MAHIANUS,  173 

vision.     Diminished  sensibility  of  arms,  hatids,  and 
,  feet.     Peripheral  neuritis.     Eye  symptoms  impor- 
taut. 

Mind  .^Hallucinations  of  sight  and  hearing. 
Changeable  mood-  Dementia  alternating  with  ex- 
citement. 

Head. — Aches  as  from  a  tight  cap.  Ears  feel  ob- 
structed.    Noises  in  head. 


Eyes. — -Retinal  congestion;  optic  discs  pale. 
*  Everything:  seems  in  a  fog.  Vision  greatly  im- 
paired.    Color-blindness.     Retinal  veins  engorged* 

Male, — DesLre  lost,  parts  atrophied.  Frequent 
profuse  emissions. 

Extremities. — Lightning-like  pains^^  ^tb,  cramps. 
Fingers  swollen,  insensible,  rigid ^  stiff.  Gait  un- 
steady, tottering;  worse  in  dark.  Feet  insensible. 
Sciatica.     Flying  pains,  returning  regularly  for   a 

'  long  time.     Pain  in  lower  limbs,  with  cramps,  and 

'  formication. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Caust.;  Salicyl.  ac; 
Cinch.  In  eye  symptoms  compare:  Bensin. 
dinitfic. 

^     J>ose. — First  attenuation. 

!  

CARDUUS    MARIANUS, 

(St.  Mary^s  Thistle,) 

The  action  of  this  drug  is  centered  in  the  liver 
and  portal  system,. cauaifig  soreness,  pain,  jaundice. 
Abuse  of  alcoholic  beverages »  especially  beer.  Vari- 
cose veins  and  ulcers  come  within  its  curative  range. 
'  Diseases  of  miners  associated  with  asthma.  Dropai- 
I  cal  conditions  depending  on  liver  disease. 


174  CARDUUS   MARIANUS CARLSBAD. 

Mind. — Despondency;    forgetful,  apathetic. 

Head. — Contractive  feeling  above  eyebrows.  Dull, 
heavy,  stupid,  with  foul  tongue.  Vertigo,  with  ten- 
dency to  fall  forward.     Burning  and  pressure  in  eyes. 

Stomach. — ^Taste  bitter.  Aversion  to  salt  meat. 
Appetite  small ;  tongue  furred ;  nausea ;  vomiting  of 
green  acid  fluid.  Stitches  in  left  side  of  stomach, 
near  spleen.     [Ceanoth.] 

Abdomen. — Pain  in  region  of  liver.  Fullness  and 
soreness,  with  moist  skin.  Constipation;  stool  hard, 
difficulty  knotty;  alternates  with  diarrhoea.  Hy- 
peraemia  of  Hver,  with  jaundice.  Cirrhosis,  with 
dropsy. 

Urine. — Cloudy ;    golden-colored. 

Chest. — Stitching  pains  in  lower  right  ribs  and 
front;  worse,  moving,  walking,  etc.  Pain  in  chest, 
going  to  shoulders,  back,  loins,  and  abdomen,  with 
urging  to  urinate. 

Skin. — Itching  on  lying  down  at  night.  Varicose 
ulcers.     [Clematis  vitalba.] 

Extremities. — Pain  in  hip-joint,  spreading  through 
buttocks;    worse  from  stooping.      Difl&ctdt  rising. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Card,  henedictus  (strong 
action  on  eyes,  and  sensation  of  contraction  in  many 
parts;  stomach  symptoms  similar) ;  Chelidon.;  Merc; 
Podophyl.;  Bry.;  Aloe. 

Dose. — ^Tincture,  and  lower  potencies. 

CARLSBAD. 

(The  Waters  of  the  Sprudel  Springs.) 

Famous  for  its  action  on  the  liver  and  in  the 
treatment  of  obesity  and  diabetes.    In  homoeopathic 


1 


CARLSBAD— CASCARA  SAGRADA,        tj^  j 

potencies  useful  in  weakness  of  all  organs,  constipa- 
tion, great  liability  to  take  cold.  Periodicity,  ef- 
fects repeated  after  from  two  to  four  weeks.  [Oxal^ 
ac,;  Sulpha]  Flushes  of  heai  all  over.  Itching  on 
variotis  parts, 

Hmd. — ^ Discouraged  and  an^dous  about  domestic 
duties. 

Head* — Aches,  with  swollen  temporal  veins 
[Sang.];    better,  nfiotion,  in  open  air. 

Face. — Yellow;  sallow;  red  and  hot;  pain  in 
zygomatic  process;   feels  as  if  cobwebs  were  on  it. 

Stomach. — Tongue  coated  white.  Offensive  smell 
from  mouth.  Furry  sensation.  Sour  or  salty  taste. 
Hiccough  and  yawning.     Heartburn.    [Carbo.] 

Urine. — Stream  weak  and  slow;  only  passed  by 
pressing  abdominal  muscles. 

Rectiun. — FiEces  held  back.  Stool  slow,  and  only 
passed  by  much  abdominal  pressure.  Burning  in 
rectum  and  anus.     Bleeding  piles. 

Relationship, — Compare:  A/af,  sulph.;  Nux. 

Dose,— Lower  potencies, 

CASCARA    SAGRADA. 

(Sacred  Bark.) 

Introduced  as  a  palliative  for  constipation  (non- 
homoeopathic),  fifteen  drops  of  fluid  extract;  but  it 
has  a  wider  sphere  of  action,  as  careful  provings  will 
show. 

Head,— <jastric  headache.  Broads  flabby  tongue^ 
foul  breath.     Haemorrhoids  and  constipation. 

Extremities.^RA^MWoii^m  of  muscles  and  faints, 
wUk^  ohst  i fuUe  CO n siipaiio n . 


1 76  CASCARA CASCARIL. CASTANEA CASTOR  EQUI. 

Relationship. — Compare :  Rhamnus  (Tincture  for 
constipation;  tympanitis  and  appendicitis);  Hy- 
drast.;  Nux. 

Dose. — First  to  sixth  potency. 

CASCARILLA. 
(Sweet  Bark.) 

Acts  on  the  digestive  tract;  constipation.  Aver- 
sion to  smell  of  tobacco. 

Stomach. — Hunger  after  meals.  Desire  for  hot 
drinks. 

Rectum. — Constipation;  stools  hard,  covered  with 
mucus.  [Graph.]  Bright  blood  with  stool.  Diar- 
rhoea alternating  with  hard,  lumpy  stool,  with  back- 
ache and  lassitude,  preceded  by  griping.  Gnawing 
pain  high  up  in  rectum. 

Dose. — First  to  third  potency. 

CASTANEA    VESCA. 

(Chestnut.) 

A  useful  remedy  in  whooping-cough,  especially  in 
the  early  stage,  with  dry,  ringing,  violent,  spasmodic 
cough.     Desire  for  warm  drinks.    [Case]  Diarrhoea. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Dros.;  Mephitis;  Naph- 
thal.;  Ammon.  brom. 

Dose. — Tincture . 

CASTOR     EQUI. 

(Rudimentary  Thumb-nail  of  the  Horse.) 

The  clinical  experience  of  Hering  and  his  fellow 
provers  has  shown  this  to  be  a  highly  useful  remedy 


p 


CAS,    BQOI— CASTORBUM CAUl^OPHYLLUM.        I  77 

in  cracked  and  ulcwated  nipples.  Affects  principally 
female  organs.  Acts  on  the  nails  and  bones;  pain 
in  right  tibia  and  coccyx..     Warts  on  forehead. 

Chest,' — Cracked,  sore  nipples,  excessively  tender. 
Swelling  of  mammse.  Violent  itching  in  breasts; 
areola  reddened* 

Relationship.- — Conipare :  Graphites;  Hippomanes; 
Calc.  oxaL 

CASTOREUM. 

(The  Beaver.) 

A  great  remedy  for  hysteria.    Prostration  marked. 

Hysterical  symptoms.  Day-blindness;  cannot 
endure  the  light.  Nervous  women  who  do  not  re- 
cover fully,  but  are  continually  irritable,  and  suffer 
from  debilitating  sweats.     Constant  yawning. 

Ton^e. — Swollen.  Rounded  elevation  size  of  a 
pea  in  center, with  drawing  sensation  from  center  to 
hyoid  bonen 

Female. — Dysmeoorrlioea;  blood  discharged  in 
drops,  with  tenesmus.  Pain  commences  in  middle 
of  thighs. 

Relationship, — Compare!  Ambra;  Moschus;  Mi*r. 
Oicid;    Valeriana. 

Antidote:  Colck. 

Dose. — ^TinctuTe,  and  lower  potencies. 

CAtJLOPHYLLUM. 

(Blue  Cohosh,) 

This  is  a  woman's  remedy.  Want  of  tonicity  of 
the  womli  During  labor,  when  the  pains  are  defi- 
cient and  the  patient  is  exhausted  and  fretful.     Be- 


sides,  it  has  a  special  affinity  for  the  smaller  jdnts^ 
Thrush,  locally  and  internally. 

Stomftch. — Cardial^ia,  spasms  of  sktmack.  Dys- 
pepsia, with  spasmodic  symptonis. 

Female. — Extraordinary  rigidity  of  os.  [BeU; 
Gels.;  Ver.  v]  Spasmodic  and  severe  pains,  which 
By  in  all  directions;  shivering,  without  progress: 
false  pains.  [BelL;  Cimicif.:  Gels.;  Mux  v^i  Puis.] 
Afterpains.  Leucorrhoea,  with  moth -spots  on  fore- 
head. Habitual  abortion  from  uterine  debility^ 
[fielon.;  Puis.;  Sab,]  Needle-like  pains  in  cervix, 
Dysmenorrhoea,  with  pains  flying  to  other  parts  of 
body.  Lochia  protracted;  great  atony*  Menses 
and  leiicorrhoea  profuse* 

Skin* — Discoloration  of  skin  in  women  with  men- 
strual and  uterine  disorder. 

Extremities. — Severe  drawing  erratic  pain  and 
stiffness  in  small  joints,  fingers,  toes,  ankles,  etc. 
Aching  in  vt^ists.  Cutting  pains  on  closing  hands. 
Erratic  pains,  changing  place  every  few  minntes. 

Relationship*^ — Incompatible ;    Coffee. 

Compare     Cinncif.;  Sppta;  Palsat.;  Gds. 

Pose,— ^Tincture  to  third  attenuation. 

CAUSXrCtJM. 

(A  HahnemannJan  Potash  PreparationO 

Manifests  its  action  mainly  in  chronic  rheumatic, 
arthritic,  and  paralytic  affections,  in  catarrhal  affec- 
tions of  the  air-passages,  and  seems  to  choose  pre- 
ferably dark-complexioned  and  rigid -fibe red  person?. 
Restlessness!  at  night,  with  tearing  pains  in  joints 
and  bones,  and  faint-Mke  sinking  of  strength.  The 
skin  of  a  Qausticum  person  ia  of  a  diny  white  sallow* 


CAUSTICUM*  179 

with  warts^  especially  on  the  face.  Emaciation  due 
to  diseasep  worry,  grief,  etc^  and  of  long:  standing. 
Burning,  rawness,  and  s&reness  are  characteristic. 

Mind,— Child  does  not  want  to  go  to  bed  alone. 
Least  thing  makes  it  cry*  Sad,  hopeless.  Intensely 
sympathetic.  Ailments  from  long-lasting  grief,  sud- 
den emotions. 

Head.^Sensation  of  empty  space  tetween  fore- 
head and  brain.     Pain  in  right  frontal  eminence, 

Face,^ — Paralysis  of  right  side.  Warts,  Pain  in 
facial  bones.  Dental  fistula.  Pain  in  jaws,  with 
difficulty  in  opening  mouth. 

Eyes. — Cataract  w^ith  motory  disturbances.  In- 
ilamination  of  eyelids;  ulceration.  Sparks  and 
dark  spots  before  eyes.  Ptosis.  [Gds.]  Vision 
impaired*  as  if  a  film  were  before  eyes.  Paralysis  of 
ocular  muscles  after  exposure  to  cold. 

Bftrs. — Ringing,  roaring,  pulsating,  with  deafness; 
words  and  steps  re-echo;  chronic  middle-ear  catarrh ; 
accumulation  of  ear-wax* 

UoB&.^Cory^,  mtk  k&arseness.  Scaly  nose. 
Nostrils  nlcerated.     Pimples  and  utarts. 

Mouth.— Bites  inside  of  cheek  from  chewing. 
Paralysis  of  tongue^  with  indistinct  speech.  Rheu- 
matism of  articulations  of  lower  jaw.  Gums  bleed 
easily* 

Stomacli. — Greasy  taste.  Aversion  to  sweets. 
Feels  as  if  lime  were  burned  in  stomach.  Worse 
after  aating  fresh  meat;  smoked  meat  agrees.  Sen- 
sation of  ball  rising  in  throat.     Acid  dyspepsia* 

StooL — Soft    and    small »    size    of   a    goose-quill. 
[Ph&s.]     Hard,  tough,  covered  with  fnucus;     shinev^ 
.lii^  grease;     amail-shaped;     expelled  witb  ■m.\i£tv 


1 


I  So  CAUSTICUM. 

Straining.  Pruritus.  Partial  paTslysis  of  lectttm. 
Rectum  sore  and  bums.     Fistula  and  large  piles. 

Urine. — Involuntary'  when  coughing,  sneezing. 
[Puis.]  Expelled  ver>'  slowly,  and  sometimes  re- 
tained. Involuntary  during  first  sleep  at  night; 
also  from  slightest  excitement.  RetetUum  after  sur- 
gical operations. 

Female. — Uterine  inertia  during  labor.  [KaH  c] 
Menses  cease  at  night ;  flaw  only  dtiring  day.  [Cyci; 
Puis,]  Leucorrhoea  at  night,  with  great  weakness. 
[A'ttfr.  m.]  Menses  delay,  late.  [Con.;  Graph.; 
Puis.] 

Respiratory. —  Hoarsetu^ss  in  morning;  aphonia. 
Lar>'nx  sore.  Cough,  ivith  raw  soreness  of  cke^. 
Expectoration  scanty:  must  be  swallowed.  Cough 
with  pain  in  hip;  worse  in  evening;  better,  drinking 
cold  xvater;  worse,  warmth  of  bed.  Sore  streak 
down  trachea.  Pain  in  chest,  with  palpitation. 
Cannot  lie  down  at  night. 

Back. — Stiffness  between  shoulders.  Dull  pain 
in  nape  of  neck. 

Extremities. — Left -sided  sciatica,  with  numbness. 
Paralysis  of  single  parts.  Dtdl  tearing  j)ain  in  hands 
and  arms.  Hea\*iness  and  weakness.  Tearing 
joints.  Unsteadiness  of  tnitscUs  of  forearm  and 
hand.  Numbness;  loss  of  sensation  in  hands.  Con- 
tracted  tctidons.  Weak  ankles.  Cannot  walk  with- 
out suffering.  Burning  in  joints.  Slow  in  learning 
to  walk.  Unsteady  walking  and  easy  falling.  Rest- 
less legs  at  nigkt. 

Skin. — Soreness  in  folds  of  skin,  back  of  ears,  be- 
tween thighs.  irtif*5,  large,  jagged,  bleeding  easily, 
on  tips  of  fingers  and  nose.  Old  bums  that  do  not 
get   weD,    and   ill   effects   from   boms.     Cicatrices 


CAUSTICUM CBANOTHUS.  iSl 


WKmSban  up;  old  injuries  reopen.  Skin  prone  to  in- 
tertrigo during  dentition. 

Steep > — Very  drowsy;  can  hardly  keep  awake- 
Nocturnal  sleeplessness,  with  dry  heat,  inqiti etude* 

Relationship, — ^ausiicum.  does  not  agree  with 
Phosphor  us;  the  remedies  should  not  be  used  after 
each  other- 
Antidotes  paralysis  from  lead -poisoning, 

Comple  men  tary :    Carbo . 

Compare:  RJius;  Arsenic;  Amm.  phos.  (&cial 
paralysis)* 

Modalities.— IV'orje,  in  ckar,  fine  weather,  cold 
air;  from  motion  of  carriage.  Better^  in  damp,  wH 
weather,  warm,  air, 

Do6e. — ^Third  to  thirtieth  attenuation. 

CEAHOTHUS. 
(New  Jersey  Tea.) 

This  remedy  seems  to  possess  a  specific  relation  to 
the  spleen.     A  left -sided  remedy  generally. 

Abdomen. — ^Enormous  enlargement  of  the  spleen. 
Spleniiis;  pain  all  up  ih<i  left  side.  Violent  dyspnoea. 
Menses  profuse,  and  yellow  leucorrhoea.  Unable  to 
he  on  left  side*     Pain  in  Ever. 

Rectum. — ^Diarrhcea;  bearing  do\ra  in  abdomen 
and  rectum, 

Urliie. — Green;   frothy;   contains  bilej  sugar. 

Relationship.— Compare :  Tinospora  cordifoiia  (a 
Hindoo  medicine  for  chronic  cases  of  fever  with  en- 
larged spleen).  Polymma  uvcdalui  (acute  splenitis 
with  tenderness  over  left  hypochondric  region; 
spleen  enlarged »  ague  cakej^ 

Compare;    Bm^beris.;  Myrica;  Cedron> 


L 

^^^^■L  (Rattlesnake  Bean.) 

f  Periodicity  is  the  most  marked  characteristic  of 

this  drug*  It  has  been  found  curative  in  malarial 
affections,  especially  neuralgia.  Has  powers  of  anti- 
doting  snake  -bi  tes  a  nd  st  ings  of  insects.  Tincture  or 
pure  bean  scraped  on  wound. 

Head,— Shooting  over  left  eye.  Pain  from  tem- 
ple to  temple  across  eyes.  Pain  over  whole  right 
side  of  face,  coming  on  about  9  A*  M.  Severe  pain  in 
eyeball,  with  radioting  pains  arournd  eye,  shooting  into 
nose.  Crazy  feeling  from  pain  across  forehead; 
worse,  working  on  black.  Roaring  in  ears  produced 
by  Cinchona.  Whole  body  seems  numb  with  head- 
ache. 

Extremities. — Lancinating  pain  in  joints:  worse, 
feet  and  hands.  Sudden  pain  in  ball  of  right  thuin'b, 
extending  up  armi  to  shoulder.  Pain  in  ball  of  right 
foot,  extending  to  knee.  Shingles,  with  radiating 
pain.     Drojjsy  of  knee-joint. 

Fever. — Chilliness  towards  evening;  then  frontal 
headache  extending  into  parietal  region.  Red  eyes^ 
Heat  J  with  itching  of  eyes,  tearing  pain  in  limbs, 
numbness  of  limbs. 

RelationBliip ,  — An  tidote :  Loch . 
Compare:    Ars.;  China. 

Dose, — Tincture  to  third  attenuation. 


CEANOTHUS — CEDHON. 


ModalitieB. — ^Worse,  motion,  lying  on  left  side. 
Daee. — Pirst  attenuation, 

cedroh: 


CEREUS    BONPLANDII— 'CERIUM    OXALlCUM.       iSj 


CEREUS    BONPLAKDIL 

(A  Hight'Bloommg  Cere  us/) 

Mind,— ^reat   desire  to  work  and   to  be  doing" 
somethiiig  useful. 

Head, — Occipital  headache  and  pain  through  the 
globe  of  the  eyes  and  orbit.     {Cedr&n;  Onos] 

Chest. — Convulsive  pains  at  the  heart;  feels  as 
if  transfixed.  Pain  in  chest  through  heart,  with  pain 
running  toward  spleen.  Pain  in  left  pectoral  muscle 
and  cartilages  of  left  lower  ribs.  Sensation  of  a 
great  weight  on  heartj  and  pricking:  pain.  Hyper- 
trophy of  heart.     Difficult  sighing  respiration. 

Skin.- — Itching  of  skin.     [Dolich.;  Sulph] 

ReJationaMp, — Compare:  Cactus;  SptgeL;  Kal- 
mia;  Cereus  serpentinus.  (Paralyzed  feeling.  Pains 
in  heart,  and  dwindling  of  sexual  organs.  Emissions, 
followed  by  pain  in  testicles.) 

Dose, — Third  to  sixth  attenuation. 


CERIUM    OXALICUM, 
(Ojcaiate  of  Cerium,) 

Spasmodic  reflex  vomiting  and  spasmodic  coughs 
ajT©  within  the  sphere  of  this  remedy.  Vomiting  of 
pregnancy^  and  of  half -digested  food.  Whooping- 
cough,  with  vomiting  and  hsemorrhage.  Dysmen- 
orrhoea  in  flesh y*  robust  women.  Better  when  flow 
is  established.     [Lach^] 

Relationship, — Compare:     AmygdaL;     Lactic  ac.; 


lS4  CHAMO&CILLA. 

CHAMOMILLA, 
(German  Chamonjile.) 

The  chief  guiding  symptoms  belong  to  the  mental 
and  emotional  group  which  lead  to  this  remedy  in 
many  forms  of  disease.  Especially  of  frequent  em- 
ployment in  diseases  of  children,  where  pee^rishness, 
restlessness,  and  colic  give  the-  needful  indications. 

Chamomilla  is  settsiiive,  irritable,  thirsty,  hot,  attd 
numh.  Oversensitive  from  abuse  of  coffee  and  nar- 
cotics* Pains  unendurable,  associated  with  nmnb* 
ness. 

^ind,— Whining  restlessness.  Child  wants  many 
things  which  he  refuses  agam.  Piteous  moaning  be- 
cause he  cannot  have  what  he  wants.  Child  can 
only  be  quieted  when  carried  about  and  petted  con* 
stantly.  Impatient,  intolerant  of  being  spoken  to  or 
interrupted;  extremely  sensitive  to  every  pain; 
always  complainings  Spiteful,  snappish.  Com- 
plaints from  anger.  Mmital  calmness  canira-ifUM' 
cotes  Ckamom. 

Head. — Throbbing  headache  in  one-half  of  the 
brain.  Inclined  to  bend  head  backward.  Hot 
clammy  sweat  on  forehead  and  scalp. 

Ears,— Ringing  in  ears.  Earache ^  with  soreness; 
swelhng  and  heat  driving  patienS  fratUic.  Stitching 
pain.     Ears  feel  stopped. 

Eyeg.^ — Lids  smart.  Yellow  sclerotica.  Spas- 
modic closing  of  lids. 

Tfose.— Sensitive  to  all  smells,  Cory Ka,  with  ina- 
biUty  to  sleep. 

Face. — One  cheek  red  and  hot;  the  other  pale  and 
cold.     Stitches  in  jaw  extending  to  inner  ear  and 


CHAMOMILLA.  185 

teeth.  Teeth  ache  worse  after  warm  drink;  worse* 
coffee,  at  night.  Drives  to  distraction.  Distress  of 
teething  chil4ren-     [Calc^  phos.;  Tmrebinik^] 

Tliroat.^ — Parotid  and  submaxillary  glands  swol- 
len.    Constriction  and  pain,  as  from  a  plug. 

Mouth  .^Toothache,  if  anythmg:  warm  is  taken, 
from  coffee,  during  pregnancy.     Nightly  salivation* 

Stonmch. — Eructations,  fouL  Nausea  after  cof- 
fee* Sweats  after  eating  or  drinking.  Aversion 
to  warm  drinks.  Tongue  yellow;  taste  bittet. 
Bilious  vomiting--  Acid  rising;  regnrgitation  of 
food.  Bitter,  bilious  vomiting.  Pressive  gastral- 
gia,  as  from  a  stone*     [Bry.;  Abies  n.] 

Abdomen.— Distended.  Griping  in  region  of 
navel,  and  pain  in  small  of  back*  Flatulent  colic , 
after  anger,  imth  red  cheeks  and  hd  perspiration . 

Stool. — Hot,  green,  water y^  fetid,  slimy ^  with  colic* 
Chopped  white  and  yellow  mucus,  like  chopped  eggs 
and  spinach.  Soreness  of  anus*  Diarrhoea  during 
dentition*     Hsemorrhoids,  with  painful  fissures. 

Female* — Uterine  hjemorrhages.  Profuse  dis- 
charge of  clotted,  dark  blood t  with  labor-like  pains. 
Labor  pains  spasmodic ;  press  upward.  [Gds.]  Pa- 
tient intolerant  of  pain.  [Cattl.;  Cat(si^;  Gds.; 
Hyos^;  Fuls,\  Nipples  inflamed;  tender  to  touch. 
Infants'  breasts  tender.  Yellow*  acrid  leucorrhoea* 
[Ars,;  Sep^;  Suiph.] 

Respiratory, — ^Hoarseness,  hawking^  rawness  of 
larynx.  Irritable,  dry,  tickling  cough:  suffocative 
tightness  of  chest  *  with  bitter  expectoration  in  day- 
time* 

Eitremittes* — Violent  rheumatic  pains  drive  Kita 
i>at  of  bed  a  t  nigh  t :  compelled  to  walk  aboMV>  "ft^xxv- 


i 


m 


iS6 


CHAPARRO— CHELIDON. 


iivg  of  soles  at  night,  [Sulph.]  Ankles  give  way  ifl 
the  afternoon.  ' 

Sleep, — Moaning,  weeping^,  and  wailiiig  during 
sleep;  anxious,  frightening  dreams,  with  half -open 
eyes. 

Modalities,™ ^orjf,  by  heat^  anger,  open  air, 
windi  night*  BeUer^  from  being  carried,  warm  wtt 
weather. 

Relationship.  —  Compare:  A  nthemis;  Acmtiii  i 
Puts^;  Coffea;  BeUad.;  Skiphis.:  I  gnat.  Follows 
Belladonna  in  diseases  of  children  and  abuse  of 
opium. 

Antidotes:     Camph.;  Nux;  Puis. 

Dose, — Third  to  thirtieth  attenuation. 


CHAPARRO    AMARGOSO. 


it 


(Goat-bufih,) 

Chronic  diarrhoea.     Tenderness  over  liver.    Stools 
little  pain,  but  with  much  mucus.     Dysentery. 
Compare:    Kali  carb.;  Cup,  ars.;  Caps. 

CHELIDOISIDM    MAJUS, 
(Celandine.) 

A  prominent  liver  remedy,  covering  many  of  the 
direct  and  reflex  symptoms  of  diseased  conditionM  of 
that  organ H  The  jaundiced  skin,  and  especmlly  ^ii^ 
constant  pain  und^  inferior  angle  of  right  scapith* 
are  certain  indications.  The  great  general  lethargy 
and  indisposition  to  make  any  eifort  is  also  marked - 
Ailments  brought  on  or  renewed  by  change  of 
weather.     Serotis  effusions.     Hydrocele* 

Headi- — ^Icy  coldness  of  occiput  from  the  mLpe  d 


neck,  Hea^»  lediafipc;  drtmsnie^  very  marloed, 
ik'ith  general  anmbiMSs;  Tcrt^,  associated  wiUi 
bepatic  distiirbatice.  Inclinatkm  lo  £aIL  forwmrd. 
^ight -sided  headache  down  behind  ears  and  shoul* 
|der*blade.  Nmralgiu  ov€t  Hgki  eyf  and  right  cheek* 
Ibone  and  right  ear,  with  excessive  lachrymatiou.  pre- 
peded  by  paiti  in  liver. 

Hose^, — Flabbing  of  alae  nasi.  [Lye.] 
Eyes. — Dirty  yellow  color  of  whites.  Sore  sen* 
tion  on  looking  tip.  Tears  fairly  gush  out.  Or- 
litai  neuralgia  of  right  eye,  with  profutse  kchry- 
latiom;  pupils  contracted,  relieved  by  press\ire. 
Face. —  Yellow;  worse  nose  and  cheeks.  Wilted 
bkin. 

Stomacli. — Tongue  yellow,  with  imprint  of  teeth ; 
large  and  flabby.  {Merc.;  Hyd.]  Taste  bitter* 
pasty.  Bad  odor  from  mouth*  Prefers  hoi  food  and 
^rink.  Nausea,  vomiting;  better,  very  hot  water* 
l*ajn  through  stomach  to  back  and  right  shouldor- 
l>lade*  Gastralgia.  Eating  relieves  temporarily^  es- 
pecially when  accompanied  with  hepatic  symptoms* 

Abdomeo, — Distention.  Constriction  across,  as 
by  a  string*  Liver  enlarged.  Pain  under  angle  of 
fight  skauldcr^hladt\     Gall-stones*     [Berbffris.] 

Urine, — Profuse,  foaming,  yellow  urine,  like  beer. 
[Chenop^]     Urine  dark  yellow,  turbid. 

StooL— Constipation;  stools  bard,  round  1mi1I«, 
like  sheep's  dung,  bright  yellow,  pasty;  aHfirnaium 
of  diarrhcEa  and  constipaiion^  Burning  and  itching 
of  anus.     [Hutanh.:  Sulph;  Teucr^] 

Reapiratory.— Very  quick  and  short  inspirations; 
pain  on  deep  inspiration.  Dyspfioca,  WVvciCj^ti^- 
cotigh;   spasmodic  cough;    loose.  ratl\\T\^\  isik.'^^^Jui 


1 


l88  CHBLIDON.— CHEN  O  POD. 

ration  difficult.  Pain  in  right  side  of  chest  and 
shoulder,  with  embarrassed  respiration.  Small 
lumps  of  mucus  fly  from  mouth  when  coughing. 
Hoarse  in  afternoon.     Constriction  of  chest. 

Bxtremities. — Pain  in  arms,  shoulders,  tips  of 
fingers.  Whole  flesh  sore  to  touch.  Rheumatic 
pain  in  hips  and  thighs;  intolerable  pains  in  heels, 
as  if  pinched  by  too  narrow  a  shoe;  worse,  riglit. 
Feels  paralyzed.  Paresis  of  the  lower  limbs  with 
rigidity  of  muscles. 

Skin, — Dry  heat  of  skin;  itches;  yellow.  Painful 
red  pimples  and  pustules.  Old  spreading  offei^sive 
ulcers.     Wilted  skin. 

Modalities.— M^£?r.r^*  right  side,  motion,  touch, 
change  of  weather,  very  early  in  morning.  Bdter, 
after  dinner,  from  pressure. 

Helationship, — Sulph.  often  completes  its  work. 
Complementary:    Lycop.;  Br  yon. 
Antidote :    Ch  amotK , 

Compare:      Nux^   Stdph.;    Bry.;    Lye;    Opium: 
PodophyL;  Sangidn.;  Ars, 
Dose. — Tincture  and  lower  attenuations, 


4 


CHEHOPODIUM     AWTHELMIUTICUM. 
(Jerusalem  Oak.) 

Characteristic  pain  in  scapula  very  marked. 
Symptoms  of  apoplexy,  right  hemiplegia  and  apha- 
sia. Stertorous  breathing,  [Opium]  Sudden  ver- 
tigo.    Meniere's  disease.     [Nai.  salicyL] 

Ears. — Torpor  of  auditory  ner^^e.  Hearing  bet- 
ter for  high-pitched  sounds.  Great  sensitivfness  ta 
sounds r  as  of  passing  vehicles.  Buzzing  in  ears,  ^ti-^ 
Jsrgement  o£  tonsils.      Aural  vertigo. 


CHKK,   OLA  pet  AFmS. 


IS^ 


Back. — Imi^msf  faim  htmmm  amgU  of  rt^  sk^ul- 
dir^htrndf  near  Mfkm^  and  tfarougii  the  cbest. 

Uixii£-^ — CopicNis.  jeQcnr,  fnamtng  tmne.  with 
amA  sensatioii  in  nretlmi,  Yellcywish  sedMneot. 
lC*rfJ 

Rglationglifpi, — Cofupare:      Chem&pod.  cum    Ttrt- 
bkah.;  Opium;  Ckifm;  CkduL 
'      Dose. — Third  potcocy- 

^B  CHEKOPODO     GLAUCI     APHIS. 

J^^  (PlMnt'IAct  from  CbenopcNUuin,) 

Head.— Sad;  achiog  worse  from  tootion.  Brain 
seems  swasbed  hitber  and  thither.  Cor>'za,  with 
bmnisg  ^r  biting  in  nostrils.  Xoise  in  ears,  as  of 
aaatoxi.  YeUoir  face*  Orbital  right  neuralgia,  with 
pitlfeise  lafbrjmiation.  To<^ikacke,  relieved  by  gen- 
eral wanft  sweai.  {Cham^]  Toothache  extends  to 
ear,  temple,  and  cheek-bone.     IPlaniago] 

Stxmyuib. — No  appetite  for  meat  and  bread.  Ved- 
des  mt  end  of  tongue.     Much  mucu&. 

Stools.— Hard  and  knotty.  Diarrhcea  in  morn- 
ing, with  painful  urging  and  burning  in  anus»  and 
pnes&ute  in  rectum  ai^  bladder. 

fJrisie. — Voluptuous  feeling  in  glans.  Burning  in 
uT^hfa.     UrinatioQ  Sequent,  copious,  frothy. 

Back, — Severe  pains  in  region  of  lower  inner  angU 
of  left  slumld^-blade^  running  into  chest. 

Fever. — Sh laddering  all  over;  burning  in  pakns; 
hot  sweat  in  bed^ 


ReistionsMp. — Co^pai^:    NiM.  sidfk*; 
e.^Simh  to  thirtieth  potencv. 


Ntt£. 


igo  CHBLONE CHIMAPHILA    UM  HELL  ATA, 

CHELONE, 

A  remedy  in  liver  affections  with  pain  or  soreness 
of  the  left  lobe  of  the  liver  and  extending  down- 
wards. Dumb  ague.  Soreness  of  external  parts, 
as  if  skin  were  off;    debility. 

Dose.— Tincture,  in  one  to  five  drop  doses. 

CHIMAPHILA    UMBELLATA. 

(Pipsissewa.) 

One  of  the  remedies  whose  symptoms  point  to  its 
employment  in  bladder  affections,  notably  catarrh, 
acute  and  chronic.  Scanty  urine ,  and  loaded  with 
ropy  fnuco -purulent  sedintent. 

Urinary. — Urging  to  urinate.  Urine  turbid,  of- 
fensivej  containing  ropy  or  bloody  mucus,  and  de- 
positing a  copious  sediment.  Burning  and  scalding 
during  micturition,  and  straining  afterwards.  Mu&t 
strain  before  flow  comes.  Scanty  urine.  Acute 
prostatitis,  retention,  and  feeling  of  a  ball  in  pm- 
netim.  [Cann.  ind.]  Loss  of  prostatic  fluid.  Flut- 
tering in  region  of  kidneys. 

Female. — Labia  inflamed,  swollen*  Pain  in  va- 
gina. Hot  flashes.  Painful  tum^or  of  mammse,  with 
undue  secretion  of  milk*     Rapid  atrophy  of  breasts- 

Skin* — Scrofulous  ulcers*  Glandular  enlarge- 
ments,    [Calc;  Merc;  Pkyt^] 

^odSihties.— Worse,  in  damp  weather,  from  sit- 
ting on  cold  stones  or  pavements. 

Relationship, — Compare:  Chimaph.  maculata  (in- 
tense gnawing  hunger;  burning  fever);  Ova;  *4gn> 

i?a5e<— Tincture ^  to  third  attenuation. 


CHmiP^UM    ARSENICOStTM.  191 

CHBTmUM     ARSENICOSUM. 

(Arsenite  of  Quinine,) 

The  symptom  of  general  weariness  and  prostration 
produced  by  the  drug  have  been  utilized  in  pre^ 
scribing  it  homoeopath ically  as  a  general  tonic,  often 
with  very  marked  beneficial  and  prompt  effect.  In 
diphtheria  with  great  prostration,  cases  that  are  pro- 
longed especially,  and  in  malarial  affections,  neural- 
gia, etc.^  it  has  been  found  curative.  Asthmatic 
attacks  which  recur  periodically  with  great  prostra- 
tion. Icy  skin.  Pressure  in  the  solar  plexus,  with 
tender  spine  back  of  it* 

Head , — Tired  f e  eling .  Head  feels  t  oo  full .  T  hro  b  - 
bing.  Great  anxiety.  Great  irritability.  Vertigo; 
worse  looking  up. 

Mouth. — Tongue  thickly  furred;  -yellow  slimy 
coating.     Bitter  taste.     No  appetite. 

Stomach. — Altertiation  of  hyperacidity  and  de- 
crease of  acid,  Hyf>erchlorhydria.  [Robinia;  Arg. 
nii,;  Oremne  iannai^.]  Thirst  for  water,  yet  it  dis- 
turbs. 

Heart, — Palpitation.  Sensation  as  if  heart 
stopped.  Suffocative  attacks,  occurring  in  period- 
ical paroxysms.     Must  have  open  air. 

Fever. — Continuous,  with  weakness.  System  de- 
pleted . 

Relationship. — Compare:   Chimnum:  also,  F^ro- 
Citricum  (in  nephritis  with  great  aucEmia-     Morbus 
maculosus  WerlhofTii;)  Chinin.  mur.  (in  severe  neu 
ralgic  pams  around  eyes^  with  chills;    exaggerated 
sensitiveness  to  alcohol  and  tobacco;     ptoatTaXxou 


^ 


194  CHLORALUM— CHLORUM. 

CHLORALUM. 
(Chloral  Hydrate.) 

This  drug,  used  in  physiological  doses,  is  a  power- 
ful hypnotic  and  cardiac  depressent.  It  has  a 
marked  effect  on  the  skin,  producing  erjrthema, 
ecchymosis,  etc.,  which  symptoms  have  been  util- 
ized homoeopathically  with  much  success,  especially 
in  the  treatment  of  hives.     Night  terrors  in  children. 

Head. — Morning  headache ;  worse  in  forehead,  on 
motion;  better  in  open  air.  Feeling  as  if  hot  band 
were  drawn  from  temple  to  temple.  Eyes  blood- 
shot and  watery.  Circles  of  light,  black  spots.  Dim 
vision.     Conjunctivitis. 

Skin. — Red  blotches,  like  measles.  Urticaria; 
worse,  spirituous  liquor s,  hot  drinks.  Erythema, 
aggravated  by  alcoholic  drinks,  with  palpitation. 
Intense  itching.  Surface  of  body  stone-cold.  Wheals 
come  on  from  a  chill;  better,  warmth.  Purpura. 
[Phos.;  Crotal.] 

Respiratory. — Extreme  dyspnoea,  with  sensation 
of  weight  and  constriction  of  chest.  Asthma,  with 
sleeplessness. 

Relationship. — Antidotes:  Ammon.;  Atrop.;  Dig.; 
Mosch. 

Compare:   Bell.;  Opium;  Apis. 

Dose. — First  trittiration  in  hives;  otherwise, 
higher  potencies. 

CHLORUM. 

(Chlorine  Gas  in  Water.) 

The  marked  effect  on  the  respiratory  organs,  pro- 
ducing  spasm  of  the  glottis,  is  the  chief  symptom  of 


CHINJNUM  SULPHURlCtfM — CHIONANTHUS.      193 


r 

|Sweat  with  general  shivering.     Trembling  in  UmbiJ, 
Iwtth  slow  pulse. 

Relationship, — Compare:  Chin.;  SalicyL  (Deaf- 
ness, tinnitus,  and  Meni^re*s  disease.)  Ars.;  Eupai.; 
Methyl,  blue.  Camphor  mono-bromide  is  said  to  in- 
tensify the  action  of  Qmnine  and  render  it  more 
permanent. 

Antidotes i  Natr,  mur.;  Lack,:  Arn.;  Puis. 

Dose.— First  to  third  trituration;  also,  thirtieth 
potency  and  higher, 

CHIONANTHUS, 

(Fringe- tree,) 

This  remedy  is  often  of  service  in  many  types  of 
headaches,  neurasthenic,  periodical  sickt  menstrual 
and  bilious.  The  pain  is  in  forehead,  chiefly  over 
eyes.  Eyeballs  very  painful,  with  pressure  over  root 
of  nose,  Jamrdice.  Enlarged  spleen.  [Ceanoih.] 
Jaundice,  with  arrest  of  menses.  A  prominent  liver 
'^remedy.     Gall-^ianes,     [Berberis;  Cholest.;  Calc.\ 

Head* — Listless,  apathetic.  Dull  frontal  head- 
ache, over  root  of  nose,  over  eyes,  through  temples, 
Worse  stooping^,  motion,  jar.    Yellow  conjunctiva. 

Liver* — ^Sore;  enlarged,  lifiik  jaundice  and  con- 
Btipation.  Clay-colored  stooL  Urine  very  dark. 
Tongue  heavily  coated.     No  appetite.    Bihous  colic. 

Rela  tio  nsMp . — Compare :  Cinch  ona;  Ceanoth . ; 
ChdidoH.;    Car  dims;    PodophyL;    Lept, 

Dose. — Tincture  and  firs^t  attenimtion. 


196  CHROM.    ACID. CHRYSAROB. CICUTA 

Stool. — Watery,  frequent,  copious,  with  nausea 
and  vertigo.  Haemorrhoids,  internal  and  bleeding. 
Weakness  in  small  of  back. 

Dose. — Third  to  sixth  trituration. 


CHRYSAROBmUM. 

(Chrysophanic  Acid.) 

Used  successfully  in  ringworm,  sycosis,  psoriasis, 
herpes  tonsurans,  and  circinatus.  Acne  rosacea. 
Eczema  of  lower  extremities,  with  intense  itching; 
profuse  and  offensive  discharge.  Used  externally, 
it  is  a  powerful  stimulant  and  parasiticide  in  many 
skin  affections. 

Eyes. — Blepharitis,  conjunctivitis,  keratitis.  Op- 
tical hyperaesthesia. 

Ears. — Eczematous,  scabby  condition.  Whole 
ear  and  surrounding  tissue  appears  to  be  one  scab. 

Dose. — Locally,  as  a  cerate,  4-8  grains  to  the 
ounce  of  vaseline.  Internally,  third  to  sixth  po- 
tency. 

CICUTA    VIROSA. 

(Water  Hemlock.) 

The  action  on  the  nervous  system,  producing 
spasmodic  affections,  viz.:  hiccough,  trismus,  te- 
tanus, and  convulsions,  give  the  pathological  picture 
calling  especially  for  this  remedy  whenever  this  is 
further  characterized  by  the  more  individual  symp- 
toms of  the  drug.  Among  these  are  the  bending  of 
the  head,  neck,  and  spine  backwards,  and  the  general 
action  of  the  patient  is  violent,  with  frightful  distor- 
ti'ons.     Violent   strange  desires.     Sensation  of  in- 


ClCtTTA  TIltOBA. 


197 


al  cML       Moaning  and  howling h     Does  absurd 
things.     Marked  action  on  the  skin. 

Mind.— Dehnumt  with  singing  and  dancing  and 
funny  gestures.  Everything  appears  strange  and 
terrible.  Confounds  present  with  the  pasti  feels 
like  a  child.  Stupid  feehng.  Melancholy,  with  in- 
di  ff erence .     M  istrustf ul . 

Head. —  Head  iurfwd  or  twisted  to  one  side.  Cere- 
pro-spinal  meningitis*  Cervical  museles  contracted. 
.Vertigo,  with  gastralgia  and  muscular  spasms.  Sud- 
jden  violent  shocks  through  head.  Stares  persist - 
jently  at  objects.  Convulsion  from  concussion  of 
brain.  Thick  yellow  scabs  on  head.  Head  symp- 
toms relieved  by  emission  of  flatus, 

Ejes. — When  reading,  letters  disappear.  Pupils 
^ilaiedt  insensible,  strabismus.  Objects  recede,  ap- 
proach»  and  seem  double*  Eyes  stare.  Pupils  get 
behind  upper  lids  as  head  inclines.  Effects  of , ex- 
posure to  snow. 

Ears. — Difficult  hearing.  Sudden  detonations^ 
especially  on  swallowing.      He^morrhage  from  ears. 

Face. — Pustules  which  run  together,  fonning  thick 
yellow  scabs  on  face  and  head,  comers  of  mouth  and 
chin,  with  burning  pain.  Red  face.  Trismus;  dis- 
position to  grind  teeth. 

Throat*— Dry.  Feels  as  if  grown  together. 
Spasms  of  oesophagus;  cannot  swallow.  Effects  on 
.oesophagus  from  swallowing  sharp  piece  of  bone, 

Stomacli, — -Thirst;  burning  pressure;  hiccough. 
ThFobbing  in  pit  of  stomach,  which  has  l>econie 
raised  to  size  of  fist.  Desire  for  unnatural  things, 
like  coaL  Indigestion,  with  insensibility,  frotlaitv^ 
0X  mouth. 


JgS  CICUTA  VIROSA— CIMEX. 

Abdomen*' — Distended  and  painful.  Colic,  with 
convulsions. 

Rectum. — Diarrhoea  in  mornings  with  irresistible 
desire  to  urinate.     Itching  in  rectum. 

RespiratoTj.^ — Chest  feels  tight;  can  hardly 
breathe.  Tonic  spasm  in  pectoral  muscles.  Heat 
in  chest. 

Back  and  Kxtremities, — Spasms  and  cramps  in 
muscles  of  nape  of  neck  and  spasmodic  drawing  back- 
ward of  head.  Curved  hmbs  cannot  be  straight- 
ened nor  straight  ones  bent.  Back  bent  backwafd 
like  an  arch.  Jerking,  tearing  In  coccyx,  especially 
during  menses. 

Skin. — Eczema^  no  itching  j  exudation  forms  into 
a  hard^  lemon-colored  crust.  Suppressed  eruptioti 
causes  brain  disease.  Elevated  eruptionSj  as  laige 
as  peas.     Chronic  impetigo. 

Modahties. — Worse ^  from  touch,  concussion,  to- 
bacco-smoke. 

Relationship,' — Antidotes:    Opium;  Am. 

Compare  t  Hydrocy.  acid;  Con.;  CEnanth,;  Strych- 
nia;  Bellad. 

Dose.— Sixth  to  two  hundredth  attenuation. 


cmEX. 

(Bedhug.) 

Of  use  in  intermittent  fever,  with  weariness  and 
inclination  to  stretch.  Hamstrings  feel  too  short. 
[Am.  mur.] 

Head.— Violent  headache,  caused  by  drinking. 
Great  rage;   vehement  at  beginning  of  chilly  stage. 


CIMEX— <:iMICtFUGA   RACEMOSA.  tgg 

Would  like  to  tear  everyttung  to  pieces.     Pain  tin- 
der right  frontal  bone. 

Fever. — Chilliness  of  whole  body.  Sensation  as 
of  wind  blomng  on  knees.  Pains  in  all  faints,  as  if 
tendons  were  too  shart,  especially  knee-joints.  ChiU; 
worse  lying  down.  Thirst  during  a  pyrexia,  but  little 
during  chilly  stage;  still  less  during  hot  stage,  and 
none  dtiring  sweating.     Musty ,  offensive  sweat. 

Bowels. — Constipation,  f^ces  dry  and  in  small 
balls  [Op.;  Plumb.;  Thuj.]  and  hard. 

Dose.' — Sixth  to  two  hundredth  attentmtion. 


CIMICIFUGA    RACEMOSA. 

(Black  Saake-RootO 

Has  a  wide  action  upon  the  cerebro -spinal  and 
muscular  system,  as  well  as  upon  the  uterus  and 
ovaries-  Its  muscular  and  crampy  pains,  primarily 
of  neurotic  origin,  occurring  in  nearly  every  part  o! 
the  body,  are  characteristic.  Agitation  and  pain  in- 
dicate it. 

Mental, — Sensation  of  a  cloud  enveloping  her. 
Great  depression,  with  dream  of  itnpending  eml. 
Fears  riding  in  a  closed  carriage,  of  being  obliged  to 
jump  out-  Incessant  talking.  Visions  of  rats,  mice^ 
etc.  Delirium  tremens;  tries  to  injure  himself.  Ma- 
nia following  disappearance  of  neuralgia.  i 

Head. — Wild  feeling  in  brain.  Shooting  and 
throbbing  |>ains  in  head  after  mental  worry,  over- 
study^  or  reflex  of  uterine  disease.  Waving  sensa- 
tion or  opening  and  shutting  sensation  in  brain*  Bravn 
feek  too  large*     Pressing-outmard  pain. 


4 


200  CIMICIFUGA   RACEMOSA. 

Eyes. — Deep-seated  throbbing  and  shooting  pains 
in  eyes,  with  photophobia  from  artificial  light.  /«- 
tense  aching  of  eyeball.     Pain  from  eyes  to  top  of  head. 

Stomach. — Nausea  and  vomiting  caused  by  pres- 
sure on  spine  and  cervical  region.  Sinking  in  epi- 
gastrium.    [Sep.;  Sulph.] 

Female. — Pain  in  ovarian  region;  shoots  upward 
and  down  anterior  surface  of  thighs.  Pain  imme- 
diately before  menses.  Menses  profuse,  dark,  coag- 
ulated, offensive,  with  backache,  nervousness;  al- 
ways irregular.  Ovarian  neuralgia.  Pain  across 
pelvis,  from  hip  to  hip.  After-pains,  with  great  sen- 
sitiveness and  intolerance  to  pain.  Infra-mammary 
pain;  worse,  left  side.  Facial  blemishes  in  young 
women. 

Heart. — Irregular,  trembling  pulse.  Tremulous 
action.  Angina  pectoris.  Numbness  of  left  arm; 
feels  as  if  bound  to  side.  Heart's  action  ceases  sud- 
denly, impending  suffocation.  Left-sided  infra- 
mammary  pain. 

Back. — Spine  very  sensitive,  especially  upper 
part.  Stiffness  and  contraction  in  neck  and  back. 
Intercostal  rheumatism.  Rheumatic  pains  in  mus- 
cles of  back  and  neck.  Pain  in  lumbar  and  sacral 
region,  down  thighs,  and  through  hips.  Crick  in 
back. 

Extremities. — Uneasy,  restless  feeling  in  limbs. 
Aching  in  limbs  and  muscular  soreness.  Rheuma- 
tism affecting  the  belly  of  muscles,  especially  large 
muscles.  Choreaic  movements,  accompanied  by 
rheumatism.  Jerking  of  limbs.  Stiffness  in  tendo- 
Achilles. 

Sleep. — Sleeplessness.  Brain  irritation  of  chil- 
dren  during  dentition. 


CIMICIFUOA   RACBMOSA CINA.  201 

Modalities. — Worse,  during  menses;  the  more 
profuse  the  flow,  the  greater  the  suffering.  Better, 
warmth,  eatings 

Relationship. — Compare :  Aristolochia  tnilkofnens 
(pain  in  te ndo -Achilles ;  diabetes).  CaulopkyL; 
PulsaL;  Lilium;  Agar^;  MacroUn  (especially  for  lum- 
bago, ) 

Dose.^ — Tincture,  to  thirtieth  attenuation;  third 
most  frequently  used. 

cmA. 

(Worm-Seed.) 

This  is  a  children's  remedy^  corresponding  to 
many  conditions  that  may  be  referred  to  intestinal 
irritation^  such  as  worms  and  accompanying  com^ 
plaints.  An  irritability  of  temper,  variable  appe- 
tite, grinding  of  teeth,  and  even  convulsions,  with 
screams  and  violent  jerkings  of  the  hand  and  feet, 
are  all  within  its  range  of  action.  The  Cina  patient 
is  hungry,  cross,  and  ugly,  and  wants  to  be  rocked. 
Pain  in  shocks.     Skin  sensitive  to  touch. 

Mind.— Ill-humor.  Child  very  cross;  does  not 
want  to  be  totiched  or  crossed  or  carried.  Desires 
many  things,  but  rejects  everything  offered.  Ab- 
normal consciousness,  as  if  having  committed  sorne 
evil  deed.     [Ars.;  Nux;  Ruia;   Veratr,;  Zinc.] 

Head. — Headache,  alternating  with  pain  in  ab- 
domen. Relieved  by  stooping.  [MeBtr.]  Pain  in 
head  ^hen  using  eyes. 

Eyes, — Dilated  pupils;  yellow  vision.  Weak 
sight  from  masturbation.  Strabismus  from  abdom- 
inal irritation.  Eyestrain  especially  when  presby- 
opia sets  in. 


CIMA. 


Ears* — Digging  and  scxatchixig  in  ears. 

Nose. — Itching  of  nose  all  the  time.  Wants  to  nit 
it  and  pick  at  it.     Bores  ai  nase  till  it  bleeds- 

Face. — Intense  circumscribed  redness  of  cheeks. 
Pale,  hot,  with  dark  rings  around  e^'^s.  Cold  po"- 
spiration.  White  and  bluish  about  the  mottth.  Grits 
teeth  during  sleep. 

Stomadi. — Gets  hungry  soon  after  a  meal.  H««- 
gryt  digging,  gnawing  sensation.  Epigastric  pain; 
worse ,  first  waking  in  morning'  and  before  meals. 
Vomiting  and  diarrhoea  immediately  after  eating 
or  drinking*  Vomiting  with  a  clean  tongue.  De- 
sires many  and  different  thiags.  Craving  for 
sweets. 

Ahdonien.^Twisiing  pain  abaut  fiaveL  [Spig^] 
Bloated  and  hard  abdomen, 

SlooL — White  mucus,  like  small  pieces  of  popped 
corn,  preceded  by  pinching  cohc.  Itching  of  anttJ. 
[Teuc]  Worms.  [Sabad.;  Naphth.;  Nal.  fhos*; 
SpigeL;  Teucr.] 

Urine ,^ — Turbidt  white ;  turns  milky  on  standing* 
Involuntary  at  night. 

Female. — Uterine  hsemorrhage  before  puberty- 
Respiratory. — Gagging  cough  in  the  morning* 
Whooping  cough.  Violent  recurring  paroxysms,  as 
of  down  in  throat.  Cough  ends  in  a  spasm.  Cough 
so  violent  as  to  bring  tears  and  sternal  pains;  feels 
as  if  something  had  been  torn  off.  Periodic;  re- 
turning spring  and  fall.  Swallows  after  coughing. 
Gurgling  from  throat  to  stomach  after  coughing^  Child 
is  afraid  to  speak  or  move  for  fear  of  bringing  OH 
paroxysm  of  coughing*  After  coughing,  moaniag, 
anxious,  gasps  for  air  and  turns  pale. 


CINA CINCHONA   OPPtCtNALtS,  205 

Extremities. — Twitching  and  trembling.  Par- 
alysed shocks;  patient  wiU  jtimp  suddenly,  as 
though  in  pain.  Child  throws  arms  from  side  to 
side.     Nocturnal  convulsions. 

Sleep. — Child  gets  on  hands  and  knees  in  sleeps 
on  abdomen.  Night  terrors  of  children;  cries  out, 
screams,  wakes  frightened .  Troubles  while  yawni  ng . 
Screams  and  talks  in  sleep.     Grits  teeth. 

Fever*^ — Light  chill.  Much  fever,  associated  with 
clean  tongue.  Much  hunger;  colicky  pains;  chiUi- 
ness,  with  thirst.  Cold  sweat  on  forehead,  nose,  and 
hands.     In  Cina  fever  face  is  cold  and  hands  warm. 

Modalities,— ^VFar^p,  looking  fixedly  at  an  object, 
from  worms,  at  night,  in  sun,  in  summer. 

Relationship. — Compare :  Teucrium;      IgnaL; 

Cham.;  5 pig.  Santonin  (often  preferable  in  worm 
affections ;   same  symptoms  as  Cina.) 

Antidote:    Camph.;    Caps. 

Dose." — First  to  third  attenuation.  For  nervous ^ 
irritable  children,  thirtieth  and  two  hundredth  pre- 
feimble.  Santonin  in  first  (with  care)  and  third 
trituration. 

CnfCHOITA    OFFICmALIS, 

(Peruvian  Bark — China.) 

Dddlity  from  exhausting  discharges,  from  loss  of 
vital  fluids,  together  with  a  nervous  erethism,  calls 
for  this  remedy.  Periodicity  is  most  marked.  Sen- 
sitive to  draughts*  Seldom  indicated  in  the  earlier 
stages  of  acute  disease.     Chronic  gout. 

Mind.— Apathetic,  indifferent,  disobedient^  tad* 
turn,  despondent.    Ideas  crowd  i^  mind;   ^tev«at 


204  CINCHONA   OFFICINALIS. 

sleep.     Disposition  to  hurt  other  people's  feelings. 
Sudden  crying  and  tossing  about. 

Head. — As  if  skuU  would  burst.  Sensation  as  ii 
brain  were  balancing  to  and  fro  and  striking  against 
skull,  receiving  great  pain.  [Sulpk.;  Stilph,  tn^J  In- 
tense throbbing  of  head  and  carotids.  Spasmodic 
headache  in  vertex,  with  subsequent  pain  as  ii 
bruised  in  sides  of  h^d.  Face  flushed  after  haem- 
orrhages  or  sexual  excesses  or  loss  of  vital  fluids - 
Relieved  from  pressure  and  warm  room.  Scalp  sen- 
sitive; ivorse  combing  hair*  Aches  worse  in  open 
air,  from  temple  to  temple.  Worse  l;>y  con^d;| 
current  of  air,  stepping- 

Hose* — Checked  catarrh.  Easily  bleeding  from 
nose,  especially  on  rising.  Coryza,  sneering,  water)' 
discharge.  Violent  dry  sneezing.  Cold  sweat  about 
nose. 

Ears* — Ringing  in  ears.  External  ear  se native 
to  touchy  Hearing  sensitive  to  noise.  Lobules  red 
and  swollen. 

Eyes.^Blue  color  around  eyes.  Hollow  eyt-s 
Yellowish  sclerotica.  Black  specks,  bright  dazzliiig 
illusions;  night  bUndness  in  anaemic  retina.  SpoU 
before  eyes.  Photophobia.  Distortion  of  eyeballs. 
Intermittent  ciliary  neuralgia.     Pressure  in  eyi's. 

Face. — Sallow  complexion.     Face  bloated ;   red. 

Mouth. — Toothache;  better  pressing  teeth  firmly 
together,  and  by  warmth.  Tongue  coated  thirk, 
dirty;  tip  burns,  succeeded  by  ptyalism.  Bitter 
taste.     Food  tastes  too  salt. 

Stomach. — Tender,  cold.  Vomiting  of  undi- 
gested food.  Slow  digestion.  Ill  effects  of  t*a. 
Hungr>^    without    appetite.     Flat    taste.     Darting 


CINCHONA   OFFICINALIS.  205 

pain  crosswise  in  hypogastric  region.  Milk  disa- 
grees. Hungry  longing  for  food,  which  lies  undi- 
gested. Flatitlencei  belching  gives  no  relief;  worse 
eating  fruit. 

Abdomen.— Much  flatulent  colic ;  better  bending 
double.  Tympaniii^  abdomen.  Pain  in  right  hy- 
pQchondrium.  Galistoue  colic.  Liver  and  spleen 
swollen  and  enlarged.  Jaundice,  Internal  cold- 
ness of  stomach  and  al«lonien.  Gastro-duodenal 
catarrh. 

Stool. — Undigestedj  frothy,  yellow;  painless; 
worse  at  night,  after  meals,  during  hot  weather » 
from  fruit,  milkj  beer,  movements.  Very  weaken- 
ing, with  much  flatulence.  Difficult  even  when 
soft.     [Alum.;  Plat.] 

Mala,— Excited  lascivious  fancy.  Frequent 
emissions,  followed  by  great  weakness, 

Fenmk. — Menses  too  early.  Dark  dots  and  ab- 
dominal distention.  Profuse  menses  with  pain. 
Desire  too  strong.  Bloody  leucon^hcea-  Painful 
heaviness  in  pelvis* 

Respiratory. — Influenza,  w;th  defcility.  Cannot 
breathe  with  head  low.  Labored  glow  respiration; 
constant  choking.  Sufjocatwe  catarrh;  rattling  in 
chest;  violent  liacking  cough  after  every  meal.  Haem- 
orrhage from  lungs,     [MillefoL;  Ferr^  phos.] 

Extremities.— Fa* WJ  tn  limbs  and  joints,  as  if 
sprained ;  wors^,  slight  totich;  hard  pressure  relieves. 
Joints  swollen;  very  sensitive,  with  dread  of  open 
air.  Great  debflity,  trembling,  with  numb  sensa- 
tion. Averse  to  exercise;  sensitive  to  touch* 
Weariness  of  joints;  worse,  mornings  and  when  sit- 
ting. 


2o6  CINCHONA   OFFICINALIS — CINERARIA. 

Skin. — Extreme  sensitiveness  to  touch,  but  hard 
pressure  relieves.  Coldness;  much  sweat.  One 
hand  icy  cold,  the  other  warm.  Anasarca.  [Ars.; 
Apis.]     Dermatitis;    erysipelas. 

Sleep. — Unrefreshing  or  constant  sopor.  Wakens 
early.  Protracted  sleeplessness.  Snoring,  espe- 
cially with  children. 

Fever. — Intermittent,  paroxysms  anticipate;  re- 
ttuTi  every  week.  All  stages  well  marked.  Every 
little  exertion  causes  free  perspiration.  Chill  gen- 
erally in  forenoon,  commencing  in  breast ;  thirst  be- 
fore chill  and  little  and  often.  Debilitating  night 
sweats. 

Modalities. — Worse,  slightest  touch.  [Plumb.; 
Caps.]  Draught  of  air;  every  other  day;  loss  of 
vital  fluids;  at  night;  after  meals.  Better,  bending 
double;   hard  pressure;   open  air. 

Relationship. — Antidotes:  Am.;  Ars.;  Nux; 
Ipec. 

Compare:     Ars.;  Cedron;  Nat.  sulph. 

Complementary:    Ferrum;  Calc.  phos. 

Dose. — Tincture,  to  thirtieth  potency. 

CINERARIA. 

(Dusty  Miller.) 

Has  some  reputation  in  the  cure  of  cataract  and 
corneal  opacities.  Is  used  externally  by  instilling 
into  the  eye  one  drop  four  or  five  times  a  day.  This 
must  be  kept  up  for  several  months.  Most  effective 
in  traumatic  cases.  Compare  in  cataract  Phosph.; 
Platanus;  Cannabis;  Causticum  Naphthalin;  Le- 
dum; Nat.  mur.;  Silica. 


CII4NABARIS,  907 

CrnnABAEOS. 

(Mercuric  Sulphide.) 

For  certain  forms  of  ciliary  neuralgia  and  ulcera- 
tion upon  a  syphilitic  base,  this  remedy  is  most  ef- 
fective. 

Eyes, — Pain  from  lachrymal  duct  around  eye  to 
icmph,  from  inner  canikns  across  brows  to  ear.  Se- 
vere shooting  pain  in  bon^s  of  orbit,  especially  running 
from  inner  to  outer  canthus  in  the  bone.  Redness  af 
whole  eye. 

Nose, — Press jve  sensation,  as  frorn  heavy  specta- 
cles* Pain  about  root,  extending  into  bones  on  each 
side,     [Aur.;  Kal.  hyd.] 

Throat.— Stringy  mucus  passed  through  posterior 
nares  into  throat-  Dryness  of  iTioiith  and  throat; 
must  rinse  the  mouth-  Fiery-looking  ulcers  in 
mouth  and  throat. 

Male. — Prepuce  swollen ;  warts  on  it  which  bleed 
easily.  Testicles  enlarged;  buboes.  Angry-looking 
chancres.     Syphihdes,  squamous  and  vesicular. 

Female, — Leucorrhoea.  Feeling  of  pressure  in 
vagina. 

Extremities, — Pain  in  forearm  from  elbow  down 
including  hands. 

Skin. —  Very  fiery -red  looking  ulcers.  Nodes  on 
sMn-bones.  Buboes-  Condylomata,  easily  bleed- 
ing. 

Relationsliip, — Compare:  Hepar;  Nitr.  ac; 
Thuja;   Sep. 

Antidotes :    Hepar;   Sid  ph. 

Dote*^— First  to  third  trituration. 


■ 


2o8  CINNAMONUM — CISTUS   CANADENSIS. 

CniNAMONUM. 

(Ciimamon.) 

Cancer  where  pain  and  fetor  are  present.  Best 
when  skin  is  intact.  Its  use  in  haemorrhages  has 
abundant  cHnical  justification.  Nosebleed.  Haem- 
orrhage from  bowels,  haemoptysis,  etc.  A  strain  in 
loins  or  false  step  brings  on  a  profuse  flow  of  bright 
blood.  Post-partum  hcBmorrhage.  Feeble  patients 
with  languid  circulation. 

Female. — Bearing-down  sensation.  Menses  early, 
profuse,  prolonged,  bright  red.  Sleepy.  No  desire 
for  anything.  Fingers  seem  swollen.  Uterine 
haemorrhages  caused  by  overlifting,  during  puer- 
peral state;  menorrhagia. 

Relationship. — Compare:    I  pec;    Sil.;  Trill. 

Antidote:    Aeon. 

Dose. — Tincture  to  third  potency.  For  cancer, 
strong  decoction,  one-half  pint  in  a  day.  Oil  of 
Cinnamon  in  aqueous  solution  best  local  disinfectant. 
3-4  drops  in  two  quarts  of  water  as  a  douche  wher- 
ever a  germicide  and  disinfectant  is  needed. 

CISTUS     CANADENSIS. 

(Rock  Rose.) 

A  deep-acting  anti-psoric  remedy,  with  marked 
action  in  glandular  affections,  herpetic  eruptions, 
chronic  swellings,  when  patient  is  extremely  sensi- 
tive to  cold.  Sensation  of  coldness  in  various  parts. 
Scrofulous  ophthalmia.  Poisoned  wounds,  bites, 
phagedenic  ulcers. 


CISTUS    CANADENSIS.  tO^ 

Face — Itching,  btrrning  and  crusts  on  right 
zygoma.  Lupus^  caries;  open  bleeding  cancer. 
Tip  of  nose  painful. 

Mouth. — Scorbutic  swollen  gums.  Mouth  feels 
cold;  putrid,  impure  breath.  Pyorrhea.  [Merc. 
cot;  Canst.;  5t<iph.;  Kreos.]  Hnris  to  protrude  ihe 
t&ngue. 

Ears» — Watery  discharge;  also,  fetid  pus.  Tetter 
on  and  around  ears,  extending  to  external  meatus^ 

Throat.- — Spongj^  feeMng;  very  dry  and  cold  air 
passing  over  parts  causes  pain .  Breath,  tongue,  ixnd 
throat  feel  cold.  Uvula  and  tonsils  swollen,  A 
sm*Ul  dry  spot  in  throat ;  must  sip  water  frequently. 
Hawking  of  mucus.  Swelling  and  suppuration  of 
glands  of  throat.  Head  drawn  to  one  side  by  swell- 
ings in  neck.  Sore  throat  from  inhaling  the  least 
cold  air.     Heat  and  itching  in  throat. 

Stomach. — Cool  feeling  in  stomach  before  and  af- 
ter eating.     Cool  feeling  in  whole  abdomen. 

Stool, — Diarrhcea  fronn  coffee  and  fruit,  thin,  yel- 
low, urgent;    worse  in  morning.     Desire  for  cheese. 

Chest,— Coldness  in  chest.  The  neck  is  studded 
with  tumors.     Induration  of  mammae. 

Extremities  .^-Sprained  pain  in  wrist.  Tips  of 
fingers  sensitve  to  cold.  Tetter  on  hands.  Cold 
feet.  Syphilitic  ulcers  on  lower  limbs»  with  bard 
swelling  around.     White  swelling. 

Sleep,— Cannot  sleep  from  coldness  in  throat. 

Female  .^Induration  and  inflammation  of  mam- 
mae.  Sensitive  to  cold  air.  Bad  smelling  leucor* 
rhcea. 


2IO  CIST.    CAN.— CITRUS   VUL.— CLEMATIS. 

Respiratory. — ^Asthmatic  after  lying  down  (tra- 
chea feels  narrow),  preceded  by  formication. 

Skin. — Itching  all  over.  Small  painful  pimples; 
lupus.  Glands  inflamed  and  indurated.  Mercuric- 
syphilitic  ulcers. 

Modalities. — Worse,  slightest  expostu-e  to  cold  air. 

Relationship.---Antidotes :    Rhus;    Sepia. 

Compare:    Conium;  Carho;  Calc.;  Arg.  n. 

Dose. — First  to  thirtieth  attenuation.  Locally, 
as  a  wash  to  arrest  fetid  discharges. 

CITRUS  VULGARIS, 

(Bitter  Orange.) 

Headache  with  nausea,  vomiting  and  vertigo. 
Facial  neuralgias  mostly  right  sided.  Thoracic  op- 
pression. Frequent  and  irresistible  yawnings.  Dis- 
turbed sleep.  Pruritus  of  upper  extremities.  Com- 
pare: Citrus  Limonum  (Scorbutus,  sore  throat 
and  cancer  pains). 

CLEMATIS    ERECTA. 

(Virgin's  Bower.) 

Scrofulous,  rheumatic,  gonorrhoeal,  and  syphilitic 
patients.  A  remedy  of  much  importance  in  dis- 
turbances of  sleep,  and  neuralgic  pains,  in  various 
parts.  Acts  promptly  on  urethra  and  genitals. 
Great  sleepiness.     Distinct  pulsation  in  whole  body. 

Head. — Boring  pain  in  temples.  Confused  feel- 
ing. Eruption  on  occiput  at  base  of  hair,  moist, 
pustular,  sensitive,  itching. 


CLEMATIS    ERECT  A.  Ill 

Eyes*^ — Heat  in  eyes  and  sensitive  to  air.  Flick- 
ering before  eyes.  Pustular  conjunctivitis  with 
tinea  capitis;    ej^es  inOamed  and  protruding. 

Face, — White  bKsters  on  face  and  nosCj  as  if 
burned  by  sun.  Swelling  of  submaxillary  glands, 
with  hard  tubercles;  throbbing,  aggravated  on  being 
touched*  Pain  in  right  side  of  face  to  eye,  ear,  and 
temple ;   better,  holding  cold  water  in  mouth* 

Teetli> — Ache;  worse^  at  night  and  from  tobacco. 
Teeth  feel  too  long* 

Male* — 1  ho -scrotal  neuralgia.  Testicles  indurated 
[Kali  c;  Spong.;  Copaiva;  Plumh.\^  with  bruised 
feeling.  Swelling  of  scrot urn,  [.4 rs. ;  Puis. ;  Canth . ; 
Ign.:  Brom.;  Rhus.]  Eight  half  only.  Troubles 
from  suppressed  gonorrhoea.  Violent  erections  with 
stitches  in  urethra.  Testicles  hang  heavy  or  re- 
tracted, with  pain  along  spermatic  cord;  worse, 
right  side*     [Aurunt;  Arg.  w*;  Nitr.  ac.] 

Urinary. — Tingling  in  urethra,  lasting  some  time 
after  urinating.  Frequent  scanty  urination :  bum- 
ing  at  orifice*  Inierrupted  flaw.  Urethra  feels  con- 
tracted* Urine  emitted  drop  by  drop.  InabiEty 
to  pass  all  the  urine;   dribbling  after  urinating, 

Skin*^Redt  burning-j  vesicular,  scaly,  scabby. 
Itches  terribly;  worse,  washing  in  cold  water;  worse, 
face  and  hands  and  scalp  around  occiput.  Glands 
hot  J  painful,  swoUen. 

Modalities* — Better ,  in  open  air.  Worse,  at  night, 
and  w^armth  of  bed^  waijhing  in  cold  water. 

Relationship,— Compare :  Clematis  vitalha  (vari- 
cose ulcers);  SiL;  Staph.;  PetroL;  Oleand.;  Sarsap.; 
Canth.;  Phas.  ac. 


212  CLEMATIS   ERECT  A — COBALTUM. 

Antidotes:    Bryon.;    Camph. 
Dose. — ^Third  to  thirtieth  potency. 

COBALTUM. 

(The  Metal  Cobalt.) 

Adapted  to  neurasthenic  spinal  states.  Sexual 
disturbances. 

Mind. — ^AU  mental  excitement  increases  suffering. 

Head. — Aches;  worse,  bending  head  forward. 
Itching  of  hairy  scalp  and  beard. 

Teeth. — Feel  too  long.  Pain  in  teeth.  Cracks 
across  tongue.     Coated  white.     [Ant.  cr.] 

Abdomen. — Shooting  in  liver.     Pain  in  spleen. 

Male. — Pain  in  right  testicle;  better,  urinating. 
Emissions  without  erection.  Impotence.  Back- 
ache in  lumbar  region  and  weak  legs.  Lewd  dreams. 
Pain  in  end  of  urethra;  greenish  discharge;  brown 
spots  on  genitals  and  abdomen. 

Back. — Pain  in  back  and  sacrum;  worse,  while  sit- 
ting; better,  walking  or  lying.  Weakness  in  legs 
and  backache  after  emissions. 

Sleep. — Unrefreshing :   disturbed  by  lewd  dreams. 

Extremities. — Aching  in  wrist-joints.  Shooting 
into  thighs  from  liver.  Weak  knees.  Trembling  in 
limbs.     Tingling  in  feet. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Cannab.  incT.;  Sepia; 
Zinc.;   Agnus;  Selen. 

Dose. — Sixth  to  thirtieth  potency. 


a  13 


COCA, 

(Erythroxylon  Coca.) 

The  mountaineor's  remedy-  Useful  in  a  variety 
of  complaints  incidental  to  mountain  climbing,  such 
as  palpitation,  dyspnoea,  anxiety,  and  insomnia. 
Exhausted  nervotis  system  from  physical  and  men- 
tal strain.  Prevents  caries  of  teeth.  Loss  of  voice— 
Give  5-6  drops  every  half  hour  two  hours  hefore  ex- 
pected demand  on  voice. 

Mind, — Melancholy;  bashful,  ill  at  ease  in  so- 
ciety, irritable,  dehghts  in  solitude  and  obscurity » 
Sense  of  right  and  wrong  abolished. 

Head- — Fainting-fit  from  clinabing  mountains 
Shocks  coming  from  occiput  with  vertigo.  Noises  in 
sar.  Headache  with  vertigo,  preceded  by  flashes  of 
light.  Diplopia,  Tongue  furred.  Peppery  sensa- 
tion in  raouth.      Headaches  of  high  altitudes. 

Stomach,— Longing  for  alcoholic  Equors  and  to- 
bacco. Great  satiety  for  a  long  time.  Incarcerated 
flatus;  rises  with  noi^e  and  violence,  as  if  it  would 
split  the  cesophagus.  Tympanitic  distention  of  ab- 
domen.    No  appetite  but  for  sweets. 

Heart. — Palpiiation,  with  weak  heart  and  dys- 
pnoea. 

Male,^ — Diabetes,  with  impotency.     [Phos,  a€.] 

Resphratory. — Weak  vocal  chords.  Hoarseness; 
worse,  after  talking.  Want  of  brsaik,  short  breath, 
especially  in  aged,  athletics,  and  alcohohc  users. 
Haemoptysis.      Asthma,  spasmodic  variety. 

Sleep. — Can  find  no  rest  anywhere,  but  steeps 


214  COCA — COCAINE. 

Nervousness  and  nightly  restlessness  during  teeth- 
ing. 

Relationship. — Compare:     Ars.;  PatUlin;  Cyp. 
Antidote :    Gels. 

Dose. — ^Tincture  to  third  attenuation. 


COCAINE. 

(An  Alkaloid  from  Erythroxylon  Coca.) 

Sensation  as  if  small  foreign  bodies  or  worms  were 
under  the  skin. 

Mind. — ^Talkative.  Constant  desire  to  do  some- 
thing great,  to  undertake  vast  feats  of  strength.  Cere- 
bral activity.  Frightful  persecutory  hallucinations; 
sees  and  feels  hugs  and  worms.  Moral  sense  blunted. 
Personal  appearance  neglected.  Thinks  he  hears 
unpleasant  remarks  about  himself. 

Head. — ^Throbbing  and  bursting  sensation.  Pu- 
pils dilated.  Hearing  greatly  increased.  Roaring 
and  noises  in  head. 

Eyes. — Glaucoma,  increased  tension,  decreased 
corneal  sensibiHty. 

Stomach. — Loss  of  appetite  for  soHd  foods.  Likes 
sweets.     Hoemorrhages  from  bowels,  lungs,  stomach. 

Nervous  System. — Chorea;  paralysis  agitans;  al- 
coholic tremors  and  senile  trembling.  Local  sen- 
sory paralysis.  Formication  and  numbness  in  hands 
and  forearms. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Stovain  (An  analgesic, 
a  vaso-motor  dilator). 

Dose. — Lower  potencies. 


^^^^H  COCCIKBLLA — COCCl?LirS. 

^         COCCmELLA     SEPTEMPUnCTATA, 

^^  (Lady  BtigO 

}  This  remedy  ought  to  be  remembered  in  neii 

gias,  toothache^  etc,  when  there  is  a  sotsalwn  of  cold^^ 
ness  in  teeth,  gums,  mouth,  etc.  Is  awakened  b; 
profuse  accumulation  of  saliva.  UvtUa  feels  too 
long  {Ntix].  Symptoms  of  hydrophobia:  worse,  by 
any  bright  object.    [Canth-] 

Head. — Pain  in  forehead  over  right  eye,  sensitive 
to  touch.  Aching  in  temples  and  occiput?>  Rush 
of  blood  to  face.  Throbbing  toothache.  Cold  sensa- 
Hon  in  teeth  and  mouth.  [Cistus.]  Periodical  at* 
tacks  of  frontal  neuralgia*  Cannot  open  eyes  during 
paroxysm.  Pain  worse  from  any  bright  object;  bei 
ter,  sleep* 

Stomach, — Hiccough  and  burning  in  stomach. 

Back, — Pain  in  region  of  kidneys  and  loins.     Icy- 
cold  extremities. 

Relationship.— Compare :     Canth.;  Magn, 

^0066,— ^Third  potency. 
COCC0LUS, 
(Indian  Cockle.) 

Within  the  sphere  of  action  of  Cocculus  are  many 
spasmodic  and  paretic  affections,  notably  those  af- 
fecting one  half  the  body.  Affects  the  cervical  cir- 
culation and  nerve  centers.  Painful  contraciures  of 
limbs  and  trunk;  tetanus.  Many  of  the  evil  effects 
of  night-'watching  are  relieved  by  it.  It  shows  a 
special  attraction  for  light-haired  females,  espe*;\aVl^ 
'^  pregnancy t  causmg  much  imusea 


2l6  COCCULUS. 

ache.  Unmarried  and  childless  women,  sensitive 
and  romantic  girls,  etc.  All  its  symptoms  are  worse 
riding  in  a  carriage  or  on  shipboard;  hence  its  use 
in  seasickness.  Sensation  of  holloTvness,  or  empti- 
ness, as  if  parts  had  gone  to  sleep.  Feels  too  weak 
to  talk  loudly, 

Mind. — Capricious.  Heavy  and  stupid.  Time 
passes  too  quickly;  absorbed  in  reveries.  Inclination 
to  sing  irresistible.  Slow  of  comprehension.  Mind 
benumbed.  Profound  sadness.  Cannot  bear  con- 
tradiction. Speaks  hastily.  Very  anxious  about 
the  health  of  others. 

Head. — ^Vertigo,  nausea,  especially  when  riding  or 
sitting  up.  Sense  of  emptiness  in  head.  Headache 
in  occiput  and  nape ;  worse,  lying  on  back  of  head. 
Sick  headache  from  carriage-riding,  cannot  lie  on 
back  part  of  head.  Pupils  contracted.  Opening 
and  shutting  sensation,  especially  in  occiput.  Trem- 
bling of  head.     Pain  in  eyes  as  if  torn  out  of  head. 

Face. — Paralysis  of  facial  nerve.  Cramp-like  pain 
in  masseter  muscle;  worse,  opening  mouth.  Pro- 
sopalgia in  afternoon,  with  wide  radiations  of  pain. 

Stomach. — Nausea  from  riding  in  cars,  boat,  etc, 
or  looking  at  boat  in  motion;  worse  on  becoming 
cold  or  taking  cold.  Nausea,  with  faintness  and 
vomiting.  Aversion  to  food,  dri  ik,  tobacco.  Me- 
tallic taste.  Paralysis  of  muscles  preventing  degluti- 
tion. Dryness  of  oesophagus.  Seasickness.  Cramp, 
in  stomach  during  and  after  meal.  Hiccough  and 
spasmodic  yawning.  Loss  of  appetite.  Desire  for 
cold  drinks,  especially  beer.  Sensation  in  stomach 
as  if  one  had  been  a  long  time  without  food  until 
hunger  was  gone.     Smell  of  food  disgusts.   [Cokh] 

Abdomen. — Distended,  with  wind,  and  feeling  as 


COCCULUS. 


2  17 


if  fuU  of  sharp  sianes  when  moving;  bettert  lying  on 
I  one  side  or  the  other.     Pain  in  abdantinal  ring,  as  if 

something  were  forced  through.  Abdominal  muscles 
^  weak;  it  seems  as  if  a  hernia  would  take  place. 

I  Female  .^ — Dysmenorrhoeat  with  profuse  dark 
I  menses.  Too  early  menses ^  clotted  with  spasmodic 
I  colic.  Painful  pressing  in  uterine  region,  followed 
I  by  haemorrhoids.  Purulent ,  gushing  leucorrhcea  be- 
i|  tween  meiises-    very  weakening,  can  scarcely  speak. 

So    weak    during    menstruation    scarcely  able   to 

stand, 

Respiratory* — Sensation  of  emptiness  and  cramp 

I  in  chest.     Dyspnoea  as  from  constriction  of  trachea, 
as  if  irritated  by  smoke.     Choking  constriction  in 
upper  part  of  oesophagus,  oppressing  breathing  and 
I  inducing  cough. 

I  Back» — Cracking  of  cervical  vertebr:*-  when  mov- 
ing head.  Paralytic  pain  in  small  of  the  back.  Pain 
in  shoulder  and  arms  as  if  bruised.  Pressure  in 
scapula  and  nape.     Stiffness  on  moving  shoulders. 

Es^tremities. — Lameness;  worse  by  bending. 
I  Trembling  and  pain  in  limbs ^  Arms  go  to  sleep* 
I  One-sided  paral^^sis ;  worse  after  sleep.  Hands  are 
I  alternately  hot  and  cold;  nvimbness  and  cold  sweat, 
now  of  one,  now  of  the  other  hand.  Numb  and  un- 
1  steady*  Knees  crack  on  nioHon.  Lower  limbs  v^ery 
I  weak.  Inflammatory  swelling  of  knee.  Intensely 
I  painful,  paralytic  drawing. 

'  Sleep. — Spasmodic  yawning.  Conaa  vigiL  Con- 
stant drowsiness.  After  loss  of  sleep,  night- watch- 
ing, nursing. 

Fever. — Chill,   with  flatulent  colic,   nausea,   ver- 
tigo, coldness  of  lower  extremities,  and  heat  ot  Viea^. 


ai8         COCCULUS coccus  CACTI* 

Sweat  generul.  Nervous  form  of  low  fever,  ChiUl- 
we55,  with  perspiration  and  heal  of  skin. 

liLodnlitiGB.^-Worse^  eating,  after  loss  of  sleep> 
smoking,  riding,  swinging,  touch,  noise,  jar;  after- 
noon. Menstrual  period h  After  emotional  disturb- 
ance. 

Relationship. — Antidotes:    Coffee,*  Mux. 

Compare:  Picfoioxin — -alkaloid  of  Cocctilus — 
(hernia,  locomotor  ataxia,  night-sweats) ;  Sympkor* 
icarpus  (morning  sickness) ;  FetroL;  Puis.;  I  gnat. 

Dqse.^Third  to  thirtieth  potency. 

COCCUS  CACTL 

(Cochineal,) 

The  clinical  application  of  the  symptoms  of  this 
remedy  place  it  among  the  medicines  for  spasmodic 
and  whooping  coughs  and  catarrhal  conditions  of 
the  bladder,  spasmodic  pains  in  kidneys  with  vesical 
tenesmus.  * 

Mind-^Early  morning  or  afternoon  sadness* 

Head, — Sub -occipital  soreness;  worse  after  sleep 
and  exertion.  Headache,  worse  from  lying  on  back, 
better  with  the  head  high.  Dull  pain  over  right  eye 
in  morning* 

Respiratory. — Constant  hawking  from  enlarged 
uvula;  corysia,  with  inflamed  fauces;  accumulation 
of  thick  viscid  mucus,  which  is  expectorated  with 
great  difficulty.  Tickling  in  larynx.  Fauces  very 
sensitive.  Suifocative  cough;  worse,  first  waldng* 
with  tough  white  mucus,  which  strangles.  Whoops 
ing-coitgh  attacks  end  with  vomiting  of  this  tough  tnu- 
ciis.  Chronic  bronchitis  complicated  with  gravel; 
large  quantities  of  albuminous  tenacious  mucus  are 


expectorated.     Walkirjg  against  wind  takes  breath 
away*     {Nux  fnosch.] 

Heart,— Sensation  as  if  everything  were  pressed 
toward  the  heart. 

Urinary. — Urging  to  urinate;  hfick-fed  sediment. 
Urinary  cakiili^  hmmaUitia,  urates,  and  nric  acid; 
lancinating  pains  from  kidney  to  bladder*  Deep- 
colored,  thick  tirine,     Dysuria. 

Female, — Menses  too  early,  profuse,  black  and 
thick ;  dark  dots,  with  dysuria.  Intermittent  men- 
struation ;  flow  only  in  evening  and  at  night.  Large 
clots  escape  when  passing  water.      Labia  inflamed* 

Modahties, — Worse,  left  side,  after  sleeps  tonch, 
pressure  of  clothes,  brushing  teeth,  slightest  exer- 
tion.    Better^  walking. 

Relationship* — Compare:     Canih.;  Cact.;  Sars. 

Dose. — Lower  triturations. 


COCHLEARIA, 

(H  orse-  Radish, ) 

Used  as  a  gargle  in  scorbutic  gums  and  sore  throat. 
Internally  in  gonorrhoea.  Useful  as  a  condiment  in 
enfeebled  states  of  the  stomach.  An  infusion  of  the 
root  in  cider  for  dropsy  causes  copious  diuresis* 
Locally  cures  dandruff. 

Stomach. — Pain  towards  back;  worse,  pressure 
on  dorsal  vertebrae.     Belching  and  cramps. 

Respiratory. — Chest  paiJiful  to  touch.  Coryza, 
with  hoarseness.  Mucous  asthma.  CEdema  of 
lungs. 

Urinary, — Bumin|f  and  cutting  at  glans  pem&  \i^- 


220   COCHLEARIA CODEINUM COPPEA  CRUDA. 

fore,  during,  and  after  urination.     Frequent  urina- 
tion. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Cannab.; Sinapis;  Caps. 

Dose. — First  to  third  attenuation. 

CODEINUM. 
(An  Alkaloid  from  Opium.) 

Trembling  of  whole  body.  Itching  with  feeling  of 
warmth,  numbness  and  prickling.     Diabetes. 

Head. — Pain  from  occiput  to  back  of  neck.  Skin 
of  face  and  scalp  sore  after  neuralgia. 

Eyes. — Involuntary  twitching  of  lids.     [Agar] 

Stomach. — Spasmodic  pain  at  pit  of  stomach. 
Eructations.  Great  thirst,  with  desire  for  bitter 
substances. 

Respiratory. — Short  and  irritating  cough;  worse, 
at  night.  Copious  purulent  expectoration.  Night 
cough  of  phthisis. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Opium;  Agaricus.  Hy- 
oscy.      Ammon  brom. 

Dose. — One-quarter  of  a  grain  doses  to  third  tri- 
turation. 

COFFEA    CRUDA. 

(Unroasted  Coffee.) 

Extreme  sensitiveness  characterizes  this  remedy. 
Neuralgia  in  various  parts;  always  with  great  ner- 
vous excitability  and  intolerance  of  pain.  Unusual 
activity  of  mind  and  body.  Bad  effects  of  sudden 
emotions,  surprises,  joy,  etc.  Nervous  palpitation. 
Coffea  is  specially  suited  to  tall,  lean,  stooping  per- 
sons  with  dark  complexions. 


COFPEA   CltUBA, 

Mind. — Gayety,  easy  comprebension,  imtability; 
excited;  senses  acute.  Full  of  ideas*  quick  to  act. 
Tossing  about  in  anguish,     [Aeon.] 

Head* — Tight  pain,  worse  from  noise,  smells,  nar- 
cotics. Seenis  as  if  brain  were  torn  tt>  pieces »  as  if 
nail  were  driven  in  head.  Worse  in  open  air.  Scn- 
sftive  hearing. 

Mouth. --Tooth ache ;  temporarily  relieved  by 
holding  ice- water  in  the  nnouth.  [Mangan.  oppo- 
site,]    Hasty  eating  and  drinking.     Delicate  taste. 

Face.— Dry  heat,  with  red  cheeks.  Prosopalgia 
extending  to  molar  teeth,  ears,  forehead j  and  scalp. 

Stomach. — Excessive  hunger.  Intolerance  of  tight 
clothing.     After  wine  and  liquor. 

Sleep. — Wakeftil;  on  a  constant  move.  Sleeps 
till  J  A.  M.,  after  which  only  doling.  Wakes  with  a 
start;  sleep  disturbed  by  dreams.  Sleepless^  on  ac- 
count mental  activity;  flow  of  ideas,  with  nervous  ex- 
citability.    Disturbed  by  itching  of  anus. 

Extremities. — Crural  neuralgia;  worse,  motion, 
afternoon  and  night,    better,  by  pressure. 

MQdalitiQS*— Worse,  excessive  emotions  (joy),  nar- 
cotics, strong  odors,  noise,  open  air,  night.  Be$- 
ter^   from  lying  down;   holding  ice  in  mouth. 

Relationship . — I  ncom  pa  t  ible :     Ca  mpk , ;     CoeeuL: 

Compare :  Coffea  iasta  (excruciating  facial  neural- 
gia from  decayed  teeth);    Aeon.;  Chang.:  Nus^;  Cyp* 

Strong  black  coffee,  drank  as  hot  as  possible,  i* 
indispensable  as  an  antidote  in  a  large  numl"*r  of 
|:oisons,  especially  narcotics. 

Antidotes:    Nu^;  Tabac. 

Bose.—^Third  to  two  hundredth  potefxc^. 


• 


COLCHICUM. 


I  223 

^R^  COLCHICUM. 

^^^^^V  (Meadow  Saffron.) 

W  Affects  markedly  the  tnuscular  tissue,  periosteum^ 

and  synovial  membranes  of  joints.  It  seems  to  be 
more  beneficial  in  chronic  affections  of  these  parts* 
The  parts  are  red,  hot,  swollen.  Tearing  pains ^ 
worse,  in  the  evening  and  at  night  and  from  touch; 
stubbing  the  toes  hurts  exceedingly.  There  is  al- 
ways great  prostration,  internal  coldness,  and  ten- 
dency to  collapse.  Effects  of  night  watching  acd 
hard  study. 

Mmd»' — External  impressions^  lights  noise ,  odorSf 
contact,  bad  manners  make  him  miserable.  Ail- 
ments from  ^rief  or  misdeeds  of  others.  When 
writing,  omits  syllables  and  words  ► 

Face.— Pain  in  facial  muscles,  moving  about, 
Tingling  and  oedema  to  us  swelling;  cheeks  red,  hot^ 
sweaty.     Very  irritable  -with  the  pains.     [Cham^] 

Stomach, — ^The  sm^ll  of  food  causes  nausea  even  P) 
fainting,  especially  fish.  Profuse  salivary  secretion. 
Vomiting  of  mucus,  bile,  and  food ;  worsCj  any  mo- 
tion; great  coldness  in  the  stoffujch.  Craving  for 
various  things ,  but  is  averse  to  them  when  smelling 
them,  seized  then  with  nausea.  Gouty  gastralgm. 
Abdomea  immensely  distended  with  gas.  Burning 
or  icy-coi^ness  in  stomach  and  abdomen. 

Stool. — Painful  ^  scanty,  transparent,  jelly-like  mu* 
cus;  pain,  as  if  anus  were  torn  opetj,  with  prolapse. 
Distention  of  abdomen,  inability  to  stretch  out  legs. 
Autumnal  dysentery;  stools  contain  u^ite  shreddy 
particles  in  large  quantities.  Inefifectual  pressing; 
feels  £3Bce£  in  rectum,  but  cannot  expel  them. 


r 


C0LCHtCi;M^C01,LlKS0NlA    CANADENSIS.        22J 


,      Urine.— ^Dark,    scanty   or    suppressed;       blcrody, 

f  brown,  black,  inky ;  contains  clots  of  putrid  decora- 
posed  blood,  aVbumin,  sugar. 

Heart*-^Anxtety  in  region  of  heart*  Impulse  not 
felt.  Pericarditis,  witli  severe  pain,  oppression  and 
dyspnoea,  pulse  threadlike. 

Extremities. — Limbs  lame,  weak,  tingling.  Pain 
worse  in  evening  and  warm  weather^  Joints  stiff 
and  feverish:  shifting  rheumatism;  pains  worse  at 
tiigbt.  Inflammation  of  great  toe,  gout  in  heel,  can- 
not  hear  t^  hav^^  it  touched  or  moved.     Tingling  in  the 

'finger  nails. 

.,     Modalities. — Worsct  motion,  loss  of  sleep,  smell  of 

I  food,  in  evening,  mental  exertion, 

I      Relationship, — Antidotes:  Camph,;  Coccid.;  Nttx; 

'I     Compare:      Cokhicin    (intestinal    catarrh    with 
j shreddy  membranes;     convulsive  jerkings  of  right 
|tiand;    intense  pain  of  rheumatism  ax  trit.)     Also, 
Carbo;  Armm;  Lilium;  Arse^t. 

Dose. — Third  to  thirtieth  attentiation. 

COLLmSpHIA    CAJIABENSIS.  M 

(Stone-Root.)  ■ 

Pelvic  and  portal  congestion,  resulting  in  hemor- 
rhoids and  constipation,  especially  in  females. 
Chronic  nasal,  gastric,  and  pharyttgeai  catarrh,  due  to 
portal  obstruction.  Dropsy  from  cardiac  disease. 
Pruritus  in  pregnancy,  with  piles.  Constipation  of 
children  from  intesii^tal  atony. 

Head. — Dull  frontal  headache;  from  suppressed 
hemorrhoids.  Chronic  catarrh,  Yeliow*coated 
tongue.      Bitter  taste,     [C&locy.;  Bry.] 


224      COLLINSONIA    CANADENSIS COLOCYNTHIS. 

Rectum. — Sensation  of  sharp  sticks  in  rectum. 
Most  obstinate  constipation^  with  protruding  haemor- 
rhoids. Aching  in  anus  and  hypogastrium.  Con- 
stipation during  pregnancy;  with  membranous  dys- 
menorrhoea,  following  labor.  [Nux.'\  Painful 
bleeding  piles.  Dysentery,  with  tenesmus.  Alter- 
nate constipation  and  diarrhoea,  and  great  flatulence. 
Itching  of  anus.     [Teucrium;    Ratanh.] 

Female. — Dysmenorrhoea ;  pruritus  of  vulva;  pro- 
lapse of  womb ;  swelling  and  dark  redness  of  geni- 
tals; pain  on  sitting  down.  Membranous  dysmen- 
orrhoea, with  constipation. 

Heart. — Palpitation;  rapid  but  weak.  Dropsy. 
After  heart  symptoms  relieved,  piles  or  menses  re- 
turn. Chest-pains  alternate  with  haemorrhoids.  Op- 
pression, faintness,  and  dyspnoea.     [Aeon  ferox.] 

Modalities. — Worse,  from  the  sightest  mental 
emotion  or  excitement;    cold. 

Relationship. — ^Antidote :    Nux. 

Compare:  JEscuL;  Aloes;  Hamam.;  Lycopus;  Ne- 
gundo;  Sulph.     Nux. 

Dose. — ^Tincture,  to  third  attenuation.  Higher 
potencies  where  there  is  organic  Jieart  affection. 

COLOCYNTHIS. 

(Squirting  Cucumber.) 

Develops  most  of  its  symptoms  in  the  abdomen 
and  head,  causing  intense  neuralgias.  It  is  espec- 
ially suitable  for  irritable  persons  easily  angered  and 
ill  effects  therefrom.  Women  with  copious  menstru- 
ation and  of  sedentary  habits.  Persons  with  a  ten- 
dency to  corpulency.  The  neuralgic  pains  are  nearly 
always  relieved  by  pressure.     Cramps  of  the  mus- 


OOLOClfNTmS, 


i*i 


cks.     Cysto-spasm  following  operations  on  orilice 
[Hyf>^.]     Urinous    odor    of    perspiration.     Ifl'rft,^ 
Xiir.  ac.]     Agonising  patH  in  iibdifmcn^  causing  pa* 
tient  to  bend  double,  is  most  chaiBCteristic .     Seusar 
tions:    Cutting,  twisting^  grinding »  contracting  aticU 
bruised,  as  if  clamped  with  iron  bands. 

Mind. — Extremely  irritable.  Becomes  angry 
when  questioned.  Mortitication  caused  by  offense. 
Anger,  with  indignation.     ICham,;  Bry.;  Nux.] 

Head.^Vertigo  when  turning  head  to  Uh  kft^ 
Lateral  cutting  headache,  with  nause^^  vomitingi« 
Pains  (better,  pressure  and  heat),  with  soremss  <>^| 
scalp.  Burning  pains,  digging,  rending,  and  tearingtj 
Frontal  headache;  worse,  stooping,  lying  on  back  J 
and  moving  eyelids. 

Face. — Tearing  and  shooting  and  swelling  of  faceiJ 
left  side  great  soreness.     Get  relief  from  pres&uro, 
[China,]     Neuralgia,  with  chiiiin^ss;   teeth  seen^  ttjo  j 
long,     Souftds  re-echo  in  ears.     Pain  in  stomach  ulw, 
ways  with  pain  of  teeth  or  liead. 

Stomach. — Very  hiUer  taste.  Tongue  rough,  ai 
from  sand,  and  feels  scalded.  Canine  hunger.  Feel*"! 
ing  in  stomach  as  if  something  would  not  yield ,  J 
drawing  pain. 

Abdomen. — Agonizing  cutting  pain  in  abdomen^ 
causing  patient  to  bend  over  dauble,  and  pressing  oilj 
the  abdomen.  Sensation  as  if  stones  were  bein 
ground  together  in  the  abdomen,  and  would  blirst*j 
Intestines  fee!  as  if  bruised-  Colic  with  crampis  It 
calves*  Cutting  in  abdomen,  ospecially  after  afigcr».| 
Each  paroxysm  is  attended  with  general  agitation 
and  a  chill  over  the  cheeks,  ascending  from  the  hy- 
pogastrium.  Pain  in  small  spot  Vtolow  ntivci. 
Dysent^if  siool  rmtewed  €ach  lim^  by  tk«  U"a*V  "^oo4  CT 


2  26        COLOCYNTHIS — COMMOCLADIA  DENTATA. 

drink.  Jelly-like  stools.  Musty  cxior.  Distention. 
[Lye;  Nat.  sulph.;  Tereb.] 

Female. — Boring  pain  in  ovary.  Must  draw  up 
double,  with  great  restlessness.  Round,  small  C3^tic 
tumors  in  ovaries  or  broad  ligaments.  Wants  abdo- 
men supported  by  pressure.  Bearing-down  cramps, 
causing  her  to  bend  double.     [Opium.] 

Urine. —  Viscid  [Phos.  acid],  fetid;  small  quanti- 
ties, with  frequent  urging.  Itching  at  orifice.  Red, 
hard  crystals,  adhering  firmly  to  vessel.  Tenesmus 
of  bladder.     Pains  on  urinating  over  whole  abdomen. 

Extremities. — Contraction  of  muscles.  Pain  in 
right  deltoid.  [Guaco.]  Cramp-like  pain  in  hip; 
lies  on  affected  side.  Spontaneous  luxation  of  the 
hip-joint.  Stiffness  of  joints  and  shortening  of 
tendons.  Sciatic  pain,  left  side,  drawing,  tearing; 
better,  pressure  and  heat;  worse,  gentle  touch.  Con- 
traction of  the  muscles.  Pain  down  right  thigh; 
muscles  and  tendons  feel  too  short ;  numbness  with 
pains.     [GnaphaL] 

Modalities. — Worse,  from  anger  and  indignation. 
Better,  doubling  up,  hard  pressure,  warmth,  lying 
with  head  bent  forward. 

Relationship. — Antidote:    Coffea;  Staphis.;  Cham. 

Compare:  Dioscor.;  Chamom.;  CoccuL;  Merc: 
Plum.;    Magn.  phos. 

Dose. — Third  to  thirtieth  potency. 

COMMOCLADD^L     DENTATA. 

(Guao.) 

Important  eye  and  skin  symptoms.  Affections  of 
antrum. 


COMMOCLADIA  DEN  TAT  A — COHDURANGOh    227 

Eyes. — Ciliary  neuralgia,  with  eyes  feeling  large 
and  protruded,  especially  right.  Pain  in  right  eye; 
worse  J  near  warm  ^mje;  feels  as  if  pressed  outward - 
Sees  only  glimmer  of  light  with  left  eye. 

Face. — Swollen »  with  eyes  projecting. 

Skin, — Itches,  red  and  piraples.  Redness  all  over, 
like  scarlatina.  Erysipelas.  Deep  ulcers,  with  hard 
edges.  Leprosy.  Red  strifies  on  skin.  lEupkorb.] 
Eczema  (papular)  of  the  trunk  and  extremities;  also 
pustular  type. 

Chest. — Acute  pain  in  left  mammary  gland.  Pain 
from  right  side  of  chest  down  arm  to  fingers.  Cough 
with  pain  under  left  breast,  going  through  to  left 
scapula. 

Modalities. — Better^  open  air,  scratching;  by  mo- 
tion.    Worse^  touchy  warmtli,  rest;    night. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Rhus;  Anacard.  Eu- 
pkorb. 

Pose.^First  to  thirtieth  potency. 

COM>URANGO. 

(Condor  Plant.) 

Painful  crack  in  corner  of  mouth  is  a  guiding 
svTnptom  to  this  drug.  Chronic  gastric  catarrh, 
syphiUs,  and  cancer.  Tumors;  stricture  of  oEsopha- 
gua.  The  active  principle  produces  loco-motor 
ataxia. 

Stomach. — Painful  affections  of  the  stomach;  ul- 
ceration. Vomiting  of  food,  and  indurations^  con- 
stant burning  pain.  Stricture  of  oesophagus^  with 
burning  pains  behind  sternum,  where  food  seems  to 
stick. 


228  CONDURANGO CONIUM. 

Relationship. — Compare:    Asterias;  Conium;  Hy- 
dra St.;  Arsenic. 
Dose. — Tircture. 


CONIUM. 

(Hemlock.) 

An  old  remedy,  rendered  classical  by  Plato's 
graphic  description  of  its  employment  in  the  death 
of  Socrates.  The  ascending  paralysis  it  produces, 
ending  in  death  by  failure  of  respiration,  shows  the 
ultimate  tendency  of  many  symptoms  produced  in 
the  provings,  for  which  Conium  is  an  excellent  rem- 
edy, such  as  difficult  gait,  trembling,  sudden  loss  of 
strength  while  walking,  painful  stiffness  of  legs,  etc. 
Such  a  condition  is  often  found  in  old  age,  a  time  of 
weakness,  languor,  local  congestions,  and  sluggish- 
ness. This  is  the  special  environment  that  Conium 
chooses  to  manifest  its  action.  It  corresponds  to 
the  debility,  hypochondriasis,  urinary  troubles, 
weakened  memory,  sexual  debility  found  here. 
Troubles  at  the  change  of  life,  old  maids  and  bachel- 
ors. Growth  of  tumors  invite  it  also.  General 
feeling  as  if  bruised  by  blows.  Weakness  of  body 
and  mind,  trembling,  and  palpitation.  Cancerous 
diathesis.  Caries  of  sternum.  Enlarged  glands. 
Tonic  after  grippe. 

Mind. — Excitement  causes  mental  depression. 
Depressed,  timid,  averse  to  society,  and  afraid  of 
being  alone.  No  inclination  for  business  or  study; 
takes  no  interest  in  anything.  Memory  weak;  un- 
able to  sustain  any  mental  effort. 

Head. —  Vertigo  when  lying  down  and  when  tum- 
tng  over  in  bed,  when  turning  head  sidewise,  on  turn- 


CONIUM. 


ta$ 


ing  ey^;  worse,  shaking  headt  sUglit  noise  or  con- 
versation of  others H  especially  towards  the  left. 
Headache,  stupefying^^  with  nausea  and  vomiting  o£ 
mucns,  with  a  feeling  as  of  foreign  body  under  the 
skull.  Scorched  feeling  on  top.  Tightness  as  if 
both  temples  were  compressed;  worse  after  a  meid, 
[Gtis.;    Atropine.]     Bruised   semilateral   pains. 

Eyes. — Photophobia  and  excessive  lachrymation* 
Corneal  pustules.  Dim-sighted;  worse,  artificial 
light.  On  closing  eyes,  he  sweats.  Paralysis  of 
ocular  muscles.  [Caust.]  In  superficial  inflamma- 
tions as  in  phlyctenular  conjunctivitis  and  keratitis. 
The  slightest  ulcer atian  or  abrasion  mill  cause  the  in- 
tensest  photophobia. 

Kose, — Bleeds  easily — ^becomes  sore.       Polypus. 
Ears. — Defective  heiaring;  discharge  from  ear  like 
decayed  paper. 

Stomach. — Soreness  about  the  root  of  tongue. 
Terrible  nausea,  acrid  heartburn,  and  acid  erutca- 
tions;  worse  on  going  to  bed.  Painful  spasms  of  the 
stomach , 

Abdonien.— Severe  aching  in  and  around  the  liver. 
Chronic  jauodice  and  pains  in  right  hypochondrium. 
Sensitive,  bruised,  swollen,  knife-Hke  pains.  Pain- 
ful tightness. 

Stool. — Frequent  urging;  hard,  with  tenesmus. 
Tremulous  weakness  after  ^'ery  stooL  [  Verat,;  Ars,; 
Arg.  «J     Heat  and  burning  in  rectum  during  stool. 

Urine, — Much  difficulty  in  voiding.  It  ftouis  and 
stops  again.  [Sedum.]  Interrupted  discharge.  [Cle- 
mat4s.]     Dribbling  in  old  men.     [Copaiva.] 

Male* — Desire  increased ;  power  decreased.  Sex- 
ual  nervousness,   with   feeble   erection,      Efjecls   o^ 


230  CONIUM. 

suppressed  sexual  appetite.  Testicles  hard  and  en- 
larged. 

Female. — Dysmenorrhoea,  with  drawing-down 
thighs.  Mammae  lax  and  shrunken,  hard,  painful 
to  touch.  Stitches  in  nipples.  Wants  to  press 
breast  hard  with  hand.  Menses  delayed  and  scanty; 
parts  sensitive.  Breasts  enlarge  and  become  painful 
before  and  during  menses.  [Calc.  c;  Lac.  can] 
Rash  before  menses.  Itching  around  pudenda.  Un- 
ready conception.  Induration  of  os  and  cervix. 
Ovaritis;  ovary  enlarged,  indurated;  lancinating 
pain.  Ill  effects  of  repressed  sexual  desire  or  sup- 
pressed menses,  or  from  excessive  indulgence. 

Respiratory. — Dry  cough,  almost  continuous, 
hacking;  worse,  evening  and  at  night;  caused  by  a 
dry  spot  in  larynx  with  itching  in  cheSt  and  throat, 
when  lying  down,  talking  or  laughing,  and  during 
pregnancy.  Expectoration  only  after  long  cough- 
ing. Want  of  breath  on  taking  the  least  exercise; 
oppressed  breathing,  constriction  of  chest ;  pains  in 
chest. 

Extremities. — Heavy,  weary,  paralyzed;  trem- 
bling; hands  unsteady;  fingers  and  toes  numb. 
Muscular  weakness  especially  of  lower  extremities. 
Perspiration  of  hands.  Putting  feet  on  chair  relieves 
pains. 

Skin. — Axillary  glands  pain,  with  numb  feeling 
down  arm.  Yellow  skin,  with  papular  eruption; 
yellow  finger-nails.  Glands  enlarged  and  indurated, 
also  mesenteric .  Flying  stitches  through  the  glands. 
Tumors;  piercing  pains;  worse,  at  night.  Chronic 
ulcers  with  fetid  discharge.  Sweat  as  soon  as  one 
sleeps,  or  even  when  closing  eyes. 

Modalities. — Worse,  lying  down,  turning  or  rising 


C.ARIA    MAJAUS. 


~m  bed;  celibacy;  before  and  during  menses ^  from 
taking  cold.  Vxtdily  or  mental  exertion. 

Rel&tionship. — Compare:  Scirrkinum  —  Cancer 
nosode — -(cancerous  diathesis;  enlarged  glands; 
cancer  of  breast;  worms);  BaryL;  HydrasL;  lod.; 
Gels.;  Hyas.;  Cuare. 

Antidotes:   Nit.  ac;   Caflea, 

1  ncompatible :     Psorinu$n. 

Dose. — Tincture,  to  thirtieth  attenuation. 

COHVALLARIA    MAJALIS. 

(Lily  of  the  Valley.) 

A  heart  remedy.  Increases  energy  of  heart's  ac* 
tion,  renders  it  more  regular*  Of  use  when  the  ven- 
tricles are  overdistended  and  dilatation  begins,  when 
there  k  an  absence  of  compensatory  hypertrophy, 
and  when  venous  stasis  is  marked* 

Mind  and  Head.^Dull  intellect.  Grieves  easily. 
Dull  headache;  worse,  ascending,  hawking.  Scalp 
sensitive.     Irritability.     Hysterical  manifestations. 

Face.— Hydroa  in  nose  and  lips;  raw  and  sore, 
Epistaxis.  Sees  imaginary  gray  spot  about  threa 
inches  square. 

Mouth, — Grating  of  teeth  in  the  morning.  Cop- 
pery taste.  Tongue  feels  sore  and  scalded;  broad 
and  thick  with  heavy  dirty  coating. 

Throat. — Raw  feeling  in  back  of  throat  when  in- 
spiring. 

Abdomen. — Sensitive.  Clothes  feel  too  tight. 
Gtirgling  and  pain  on  taking  deep  breath. 

Urinary  Organs. — ^Aching  in  bladder;  feeU  d\a* 
tended.     Frequent  imnation;    offensive. 


: 


232  CONVALLARIA   MAJALIS COPAIVA. 

Female. — Great  soreness  in  uterine  region,  with 
sympathetic  palpitation  of  heart.  Pain  in  sacro- 
iliac joints,  running  down  leg.  Itching  at  urinary^ 
meatus  and  vaginal  orifice. 

Respiratory. — Pulmonary  congestion.  Orthop- 
noea.  Dyspncea  while  walking.  Hot  feeling  in 
throat. 

Heart. — Feeling  as  if  heart  beat  throughout  the 
chest.  Endocarditis,  with  extreme  orthopnoea. 
Sensation  as  if  heart  ceased  beating,  then  starting 
very  suddenly.  Palpitation  from  the  least  exer- 
tion. Tobacco  heart,  especially  when  due  to  cig- 
arettes. Angina  pectoris.  Extremely  rapid  and 
irregular  pulse, 

Back  and  Extremities. — Pain  and  aching  in  lum- 
bar region ;  aching  of  legs ;  in  big  toe.  Trembling  of 
hands. 

Fever. — Chilly  in  back  and  down  spine,  followed 
by  fever,  little  sweat.  Thirst  and  headache  during 
chill.     Dyspnoea  during  fever. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Digit.;  CratcBg.;  Lilium. 
Adonis  (feeble  heart  action  due  only  to  functional 
disturbance.) 

Dose. — Third  attenuation,  and  for  symptoms  of 
heart  failure,  tincture,  one  to  fifteen  drops. 

COPAIVA. 
(Balsam  of  Copaiva.) 

Acts  powerfully  on  mucous  membranes,  especially 
that  of  the  urinary  tract,  the  respiratory  organs,  and 
the  skin,  here  producing  a  well-marked  nettle-rash. 

Head, — Excessiwe  sensitiveness;    pain  in  occiput; 


scalp  sensitive.  Sensitive  to  sharp  sounds.  Pro- 
fuse, thick,  fetid,  discharge  from  nasal  passages, 
running  dovm  throat  at  night. 

Stoma  ch.— Food  seems  too  salty>  Gastric  troubles 
during  menstruation  or  following  urticaria. 

Urinary. — Burning  pressure;  painful  micturition 
by  drops.  Retention,  with  pain  in  bladder,  anus^ 
and  rectum.  Catarrh  of  bladder;  dysuria.  Swelling 
of  orifice.  Constant  desire  to  urinate.  Urine  smells 
of  violets.  Greenish  turbid  color;  pectdiar  pungent 
odor* 

Rectum. — Stools  covered  with  mucus,  with  colic 
and  chilliness.  Burning  and  itching  of  anus,  caused 
by  piles* 

Male. — Testiclejs  sensitive  and  swollen. 

Female. — Itching  of  vulva  and  anus,  with  bloody 
purulent  discharge. 

Respiratory, — Cough,  with  profuse,  gray,  puru- 
lent expectoration.  Tickling  in  larynx,  trachea » 
and  bronchi.  Bronchial  catarrh,  with  profuse  green- 
ish, offensive  discharge. 

Skin. —  Hives ^  with  fever  and  constipation.  Rose- 
ola. Erysipelatous  inflammation,  especially  around 
abdomen.  Circumscribed  lenticular  patches,  with 
itching;  mottled  appearance.  Chronic  urticaria  in 
children  ►     Bullous  eruption^:. 

Relationship,^ — Antidotes:    BelL;  Merc. 

Compare :  Cannab.;  Cantk.;  Barosma;  Cubeh; 
^Senecio;  Santalum  (aching  in  kidneys;  gonor- 

Doae,^ — First  to  third  attenuation. 


234  CORALLIUM. 

CORALLIUM. 

(Red  Coral.) 

The  provings  of  coral  develop  much  coryza  and 
epistaxis,  and  even  ulceration  within  the  nostrils. 
It  is  to  be  thought  of  for  whooping  and  spasmodic 
coughs,  especially  when  the  attack  comes  on  with  a 
very  rapid  cough  and  the  attacks  follow  so  closely  as 
to  almost  run  into  each  other.  Often  preceded  by 
sensation  of  smothering,  followed  by  exhaustion. 
Patient  becomes  purple  in  face.  Violence  of  parox- 
ysm, even  with  expectoration  of  blood.  Feeling  as  if 
cold  air  were  streaming  through  skull  and  air-pas- 
sages. One  is  too  cold  when  uncovered  and  too  hot 
when  covered;    relieved  by  artificial  heat. 

Head. — Feels  very  large;  violent  pain,  as  if 
parietal  bones  were  forced  apart;  worse  stooping. 
Eyes  hot  and  painful;  dry  coryza;  nose  stopped  up 
and  ulcerated.     Epistaxis. 

Mouth. — Food  tastes  like  sawdust.  Bread  tastes 
like  straw.     Beer  tastes  sweet. 

Respiratory. — Hawking  of  profuse  mucus.  Throat 
very  sensitive,  especially  to  air.  Profuse  nasal  ca- 
tarrh. Inspired  air  feels  cold.  [Cistus.]  Profuse 
secretion  of  mucus  dropping  through  posterior 
nares.  Dry,  spasmodic,  suffocative  cough;  very 
rapid  cough,  short,  barking.  Cough  with  great  sen- 
sitiveness of  air-passages ;  feel  cold  on  deep  inspira- 
tion.    Continuous  hysterical  cough. 

Male. — Ulcers  on  glans  and  inner  prepuce,  with 
yellow  ichor.  Emissions  and  weakened  sexual 
power.  Profuse  perspiration  of  genitals.  [Sep.; 
Thuja.] 


CORALLtUM — CORNTJS    CTR. — CORYDALlS. 


235 


Skin, — Red  flat  ulcers.     Coral -colored,  then  dark 
red  spots,  changmg  to  copper -colored  spots. 
Re  lationship . — Com  plementar}^ :     S  h  Iph . 
Compare:    Bellad.;    Droser.;   Mephit.;    Causi. 
Dose. — Third  to  thirtieth  attenuation. 

coimus  CmCINATA. 
(Round^&aved  Dagwood.) 

Chronic  malaria,  hepatitis,  jaundice.  Weakness 
in  nnomiug.  Pain  in  pit  of  stoma cTi*  with  distended 
abdomen.  Vedcular  eru^jtions  associated  with 
cVirordc  liver  diseases  or  aphthous  stomatitis. 

StooL — Loose^  windy,  dark  stool  immediately 
after  dinner.  Burning  in  anus.  Dark,  bihous^  of- 
fensive  diarrhoea,  w^ith  sallow  complexion. 

Refationslup. — Compare:  Cornus  ollernifolia  (in 
eczema;  chevst  feels  cold,  as  if  full  of  ice);  Cornus 
fiarida  (chronic  malaria ;  indigestion  and  distressing 
acid  heartburn ;  general  debility  from  loss  of  iiuids 
and  night  sweats;  neuralgic  pains  in  arms,  chest, 
and  trunk,  and  sensation  as  if  broken  in  two ;  inter- 
mittent fever,  with  drowsiness;  feels  cold,  but  is 
warm  to  touch;  great  exhaustion  in  intervals;  gen- 
eral clammy  sweat). 

Dose, — Tincture,  to  third  attentmtion. 


CORYDALIS,     [DICEIfTRA     CANADENSIS,] 

(Turkey-Pea,) 
S  y phili tic  affections ,     Ulc  ers  of  mouth  and  fauces . 
Gummata  and  night-pains,       Chronic  diseases,  with 
atony.       Tongue  clear,  broad,  and  full.       Tissues 
flabby,  doughy,  cold. 

Relationslup.— AV/r.  £1^.;   Kaliiod.;    Fluor,  ac. 


236       GOTO COTYLEDON CRATiBGUS. 

COTO. 
(A  Bolivian  Bark.) 

Used  to  check  diarrhoea.  Chronic  tubercular,  co- 
pious, and  exhausting  diarrhoea.     [Cuphea.] 

Relationship. — Compare:  Ars.  tod.;  China;  Chin, 
ars.;  Tuberc. 

COTYLEDON. 

-    (Pennywort.) 

Sciatica.  Well-marked  pains  through  the  breast- 
to  scaptila.  Catarrh  of  larynx  and  trachea.  Hyss 
terical  joint. 

Mind. — FeeHng  as  if  a  part  of  the  body  were  ab- 
sent. 

Breast. — Pain  under  left  nipple,  and  aching  in 
right  breast.  Pain  through  to  scapula  from  region 
of  left  breast.     Breathing  oppressed. 

Extremities. — Aching  in  back  and  thighs.  Ach- 
ing in  all  joints.  Skin  sensitive,  rubbing  of  trous- 
ers causes  an  acute  sting.  Lege  and  arms  feel 
heavy  and  sore. 

Relationship. — Cornpare:  Antbra,  Asafoet,  Hepat- 
ica  Ignatia. 

Dose. — Tincture  to  third  potency. 

CRATAEGUS. 

(Hawthorn  Berries.) 

Chronic  heart  disease,  with  extreme  weakness. 
Very  feeble  and  irregular  heart  action.  General 
anasarca.  Very  nervous,  with  pain  in  back  of  head 
and   neck.     A    heart   tonic.     Collapse   of   typhoid. 


CRAT^GUS — CROCUS  BATIVA.  237 

Cold  extreinitiea,  pallor;  irregtilar  pulse  and  breath- 
ing. Dyspepsm  and  nervous  prostration,  with  heart 
failure.  Insomnia  from  licart  disease.  In  the  be- 
ginnings of  heart  mischief  after  rheumatism.  Ar- 
teriosclerosis. Has  a  solvent  power  upon  crttstacv&us 
and  calcareous  deposits  in  arteries. 

Mind. — Apprehensive,  despondent*  V^ery  ner- 
vous and  irritable^  with  pain  in  back  of  head  and 
neck. 

Chest. — -Extreme  dyspnwa  on  least  exertion.  Pain 
in  r^on  of  heart.  Cough,  Heart  diluted;  first 
sound  weak^  Pulse  scceleratedj  irregular,  inter- 
mittent, Mitral  regurgitant  murmur.  Ancemia  of 
young  girls. 

Modalities, — Worse,  in  warm  room.  Better^  fresh 
air,  quiet  and  rest. 

Relationship. — Strophantus;   Iberis,     Primus, 

I  Jose* — Tincture,  one  to  fifteen  drops » 
\  CROCUS    SAXrVA. 

(Saffron.) 
E  a  remedy  often  usefu]  in  haeniorrbages  that  are 
blackandstringy.  Choreaand  hysterical  a  ff ect  ions . 
Frequent  and  extreme  changes  in  sensations  and 
mental  conditions.  Drowsiness  and  lassitude;  bet- 
ter by  literary  labor. 

Miad. —  VacUlaiing,  pleasant  mania;  sings  and 
laugbs.  Happy  and  affectionate ;  then  angry.  Sud- 
den change  from  hilarity  to  melancholy* 

Head. — Throbs,  pulsates,  during  climacteric; 
worse  during  menses.     Eyes  feel  as  if  in  smoke. 


238  CROCUS   SATIVA. 

Pain  from  eyes  to  top  of  head.  Sensation  as  if  cdd 
air  was  rushing  through  eye.     [Fluor,  ac.;    Syph.] 

Stomach. — Burning  and  stitches  in  stomach. 

Female. — Sensation  of  something  alive  and  moving 
in  stomach  and  in  the  abdomen^  which  is  swollen,  or 
of  something  dead  and  heavy.  Threatened  abor- 
tion, especially  when  haemorrhage  is  dark  and  stringy. 
Urging  of  blood  to  genitals.  Menses  dark,  viscid, 
too  frequent  and  copious,  black  and  slimy.  Uterine 
haemorrhage;  clots  with  long  strings;  worse  from 
least  movement.  Jerking  pain  in  interior  of  left 
breast,  as  if  drawn  towards  back  by  means  of  thread. 
[Crot.  tig.]  A  bounding  feeHng,  as  if  something  alive 
in  right  breast: 

Respiratory. — Wheezy  cough,  with  frothy  ex- 
pectoration, containing  threads  like  fine  twine; 
worse,  lying  down.  Breath  has  offensive,  sickly 
smell. 

Haemorrhages. — Dark,  stringy,  clotted.  Epis- 
taxis ;    strings  of  dark  blood  hanging  down  the  nose. 

Abdomen. — Sensation  of  something  alive  in  abdo- 
men, stomach,  etc.,  especially  on  left  side. 

Extremities. — Spasmodic  contractions  and  twitch- 
ings  of  single  set  of  muscles.  Chorea  and  hysteria, 
with  great  alterations  of  feeling.  Whole  upper  ex- 
tremity falls  asleep. 

Modalities. — Worse,  lying  down,  hot  weather, 
warm  room,  in  morning,  fasting,  before  breakfast, 
looking  fixedly  at  an  object.     Better,  in  open  air. 

Relationship. — ^Antidote :    Opium;    Bell. 

Compare:   I  pec;  Trillium;  Plat.;  China;  Sabina. 

Dose. — ^Tincture,  to  thirtieth  attenuation. 


CRQTALCS    HORRID  US,  2jg 


CROTALUS    HORRIDUS,       \, 
(Rattlesnake.) 

Low  septic  states,  blood  decomposition,  liiemor* 
rhages  (dark  fluid  that  forms  tio  clots),  tendency  to  | 
carbuncles,  maligtiant  scarlatina,  yellow  fever,  the 
plague,  cholera,  give  opportunity  to  use  this  remedy. 
Hermorrkagic  diathesis.     Plague. 

Mind. — Weeping  mood;    clouded  perception  and 
memory;     impatient.     Loquacious,  with  desire  to  I 
escape*     Sadness. 

Head* — Vertigo,   with   weakness   and   trembLLng. 
Dull,  heavy  occipital  pain,  on  right  side  and  right  ^ 
eye , 

Eyes, — Very  sensitive  to  light,  especially  lamp- 
it  ghL     Yellow  color  of  eyes.     Illusions;  blue  colors. 
Ciliary  ftcuralgia;    tearing,  boring  pa  in  ^  as  if  a  cut] 
had  been  made  around  eye. 

Ears, — Auditory  vertigo.     Blood  oozes  from  ears. 

Hose. — Epistaxis,  blood  black  and  stringy,  ozsna, 
after  exanthemata  or  syphilis. 

Mcmfh*^^ — ^Tongue  red  and  small,  but  feels  swollen. 
Tongue  fiery  red,  dry  in  center*  smooth  and  polished* 
Moldy  smell  of  breath.  Fills  up  with  sahva.  Tongue 
when  protruding,  goes  to  right. 

Throat, — Dry^     swollen,     dark    red.     Spasm    oH 
(esophagus;     cannot  swallow  any  solid  substance. 
Tight  constriction.     Gangrenous,  with  much  swell- 
ing, 

Fftce,^Acne.  Lips  swollen  and  niimb.  Leaden- 
colored  face-     Lockjaw, 

Stom&ch. — In  tolerance  of  dothiskg  arovixul  ^^qpe^- 


240  CROTALUS    HORRIDUS. 

ach.  Unable  to  retain  anjrthing;  violent  vomiting 
of  food;  bilious  vomiting,  vomiting  of  blood.  Con- 
stant nausea  and  vomiting  every  month  after  men- 
struation. Cannot  lie  on  right  side  without  vomit- 
ing dark-green  matter.  Black  or  cofiFee-grounds 
vomiting.  Trembling,  fluttering  feeling  below  the 
epigastrium.  Intolerance  of  clothing  about  epi- 
gastrium. Faintness  and  sinking  at  stomach. 
Ulceration  of  the  stomach.  Atonic  dyspepsia. 
Gastritis  in  chronic  alcoholism. 

Abdomen. — Distended,  hot,  and  tender.  Pain  in 
region  of  liver. 

Stool. — Black,  thin,  offensive,  Uke  coffee-grounds. 
Intestinal  haemorrhage;  blood  dark,  fltiid,  non- 
coagulable.  Blood  oozes  from  rectum  when  stand- 
ing or  walking. 

Urine. — Albuminous,  dark,  scanty.     [Merc,  cor.] 

Female. — Prolonged  menses.  Dysmenorrhoea ; 
pain  extends  down  thighs,  with  aching  in  region  of 
heart.  Uterine  haemorrhage,  with  faintness  at 
stomach.  Puerperal  fever;  offensive  lochia,  Phleg'» 
masia  alba  dolens. 

Urinary. — Dark,  bloody  urine.  Casts.  In- 
flamed kidney. 

Heart. — Action  feeble,  pulse  tremulous.  Palpi- 
tation, especially  at  menstrual  period. 

Respiratory. — Cough,  with  bloody  expectoration. 
Tickling  from  a  dry  spot  in  larynx. 

Extremities. — Hands  tremble,  swollen.  Lower 
extremities  go  to  sleep  easily.     Right-sided  paralysis. 

Fever. — Malignant  fevers  of  a  haemorrhagic  or 
putrescent  character.     Low  bilious  remittents.   Yel- 


CROTALUS    HORRIDUS CROTON    TIGLIUM,        341 

low  fever.     Bloody  sweat.     Cerebro-spinal  menin- 
gitis.    [Ci^iita;  Cttp.  acet.] 

Skin. — Sallow*  Great  sensitiveness  of  skin  of 
right  half  of  body.  Fur  pur  a  kiEmarrkagica.  H^iiraor- 
rhage  from  every  part  of  body^  Bloody  sweat. 
Chilblains,  felons*  Dissecting  wounds.  Pustular 
eruptions.  Insect  stings.  Post -vaccination  erup- 
tions- Bad  effects  of  vaccination.  Lymphangitis 
and  septicemia.  Boils,  carbuncles,  and  eruptions 
are  surrounded  by  purplish,  mottled  skin  and 
oedema.  Anthrax.  Sore  sensation  relieved  by 
pressure. 

Sleep, — Dreams  of  the  dead.  Starting  in  sleep* 
Yawning.     Smothering  sensation  when  awaking, 

Modalities.— H^^je,  right  side;  open  air;  evening 
and  morning;  in  spring,  coming  on  of  warm  weather; 
on  awaking;   damp  and  wet. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Naja,  (more  nervous 
phenomena;)  Lachesis,  (more  markedly  worse  on  left 
side;)  Elaps,  (preferable  in  otorrhoea  and  affections 
of  right  lung;)  Crotaltis  cascavdla,  (thoughts  and 
dreams  of  death.     A  magnetic  state  is  produced) 

Antidote:    Lack,;  AkokcL 

"Dom* — Third  to  sixth  potency. 

CROTON    TIGLIUM. 

(Croton-Oil  Seed,) 

Is  a  valuable  remedy  in  diarrhosa,  summer  com- 
plaint, and  skin  affections.  Feels  tight  all  over.  It 
is  one  of  the  antidotes  to  Rhus  poisoning,  as  is  evi- 
dent from  its  wide  and  intense  action  upon  skin  and 
mucous  surface,  causing  both  irritation  and  m^Tn.- 


I 


242  CROTON   TIGLIUM. 

mat  ion,  with  formation  of  vesicles  and  mucous  dis- 
charge. 

Eyes. — Granular  lids;  pustules  on  cornea.  Red 
and  raw  appearance.  Feel  drawn  backward.  Erup- 
tions around  eyes. 

Stool. — Copious  watery  stools,  with  much  urging; 
always  forcibly  shot  out,  with  gurgling  in  intestines; 
worse,  drinking  the  least  quantity,  or  even  while 
eating.  Constant  urging  to  stool  followed  by  sud- 
den evacuation.     Swashing  sensation  in  intestines. 

Urine. — Night  urine  foaming;  dark  orange  color; 
turbid  on  standing;  greasy  particles  floating  on  top. 
Day  urine  is  pale,  with  white  sediment. 

Chest. — Drawing-pain  through  the  left  chest  into 
the  back.  Asthma,  with  cough;  cannot  expand  the 
chest.  Nursing  women;  every  suck  the  child  gives 
produces  pain  from  nipple  to  back.  Inflamed  breasts. 
Cough ;  as  soon  as  he  touches  the  pillow  must  get  up. 

Skin. — Feels  hide-bound.  Intense  itching,  but 
scratching  is  painful.  Pustular  eruption,  especially 
on  face  and  genitals,  with  fearful  itching,  followed  by 
painful  biiming.  Vesicles;  confluent  oozing.  Vesic- 
ular erysipelas,  itching  exceedingly.  Herpes  zoster; 
stinging,  smarting  pains  of  the  eruption. 

Modalities. — Worse,  least  food  or  drink;  during 
summer. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Rhus;  Anagallis;  Ana- 
card.;  Sepia. 

Antidote:    Ant.  tart. 

Dose. — Sixth  to  thirtieth  potency, 


CUBEBA- — CUCURBITA.  243 

CUBEBA. 

(Cubebs.) 

MucotJS  membranes  generally,  but  especially  that 
of  the  urinary  tract,  are  chiefly  affected  by  this  rem- 
edy. Frequent  urination  of  a  nervous  origin,  Leu- 
corrhoeii.  in  little  girls,     {Hyp.;  Cak.\ 

Urine, — Urethritis,  with  much  mucus,  especially 
in  women.  Cutting  after  urination,  with  constric- 
tion. Ha^maturia.  Prostatitis,  with  thick  yellow 
discharge.     Cystitis. 

Respiratory. — Catarrh  of  nose  and  throat,  with 
fetid  odor  and  expectoration.  Mucus  trickles  from 
posterior  nares.     Rawness  of  throat  and  hoarseness. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Copaiva;  Piper  meth.; 
SaiidaL 

Dose. — Second  and  third  attenuation, 

CUCURBITA. 

(Pumpkin, ) 

Intense  nausea  immediately  after  eating.  Vomit- 
ing of  pregnancy*     Seasickness. 

Dose. — Tincture.  The  seeds  are  a  valuable  rem- 
edy for  tape-worm*  Scald  the  seeds  and  peel  off  the 
outer  skins  when  softened,  the  green  inner  pulp  be- 
ing the  part  used.  Dose :  two  ounces  of  seed,  yield- 
ing one  of  pulp.  May  be  mixed  with  cream  and 
taken  like  porridge.  Take  in  morning  after  twelve 
hours*  fasting,  and  follow  in  two  hours  by  castor  oiL 


244    CULEX^ — CUPHEA CUPRUM  ACETICUM. 

CULEX. 
(Mosquito.) 

Vertigo  every  time  he  blows  his  nose,  with  a  sense 
of  fullness  in  ears. 

Hives. — [Apis;   Urtica;  KcU.  hyd.;  Chlor.  hyd.] 
Dose. — ^Third  potency,  and  higher. 

CUPHEA. 
(Tar-Weed.) 

Vomiting  of  undigested  food.  Cholera  infantum, 
much  acidity;  frequent  green,  watery,  acid  stools. 
Tenesmus  and  great  pain.  High  fever,  restlessness, 
and  sleeplessness.     Obstinate  constipation. 

Relationship. — Compare :    jEthusa. 

Dose. — ^Tincture. 

CUPRUM    ACETICUM. 
(Acetate  of  Capper.) 

Hay-fever,  with  burning,  excoriation,  paroxysmal 
cough;  tough  tenacious  mucus,  and  fear  of  suffoca- 
tion.    Protracted  labor. 

Head. — Violent  throbbing  and  lancinating  pains 
in  forehead.  Left-sided  brow  ague.  Brain 
seems  void.  Inclined  to  gape  and  cry.  Loses  con- 
sciousness;   head  reek  when  in  high-ceiled  room. 

Face. — Collapsed,  hippocratic.  Facial  neuralgia 
in  cheek-bone,  upper  jaw,  and  behind  right  ear. 
Better  by  chewing,  pressure,  and  external  warmth. 

Stomach. — ^Violent  spasmodic  pains  in  stomach 


CUPRUM   ACETIC. — ^:UPRUM   ATISENIT.  24S 


liud  abdomen .      Vomiting .      Slimy  brawn  diarrhoea . 
Violent  tenesmus.     Cholera, 

Respiratory^- — Violent  spasmodic  cough.  Short, 
difficult  respiration.  Spasmodic  constriction  of 
chest.     Dyspnoea. 

Skin. — Leprous -like  eruption,  without  itching, 
over  whole  body,  in  spots  of  various  sizes. 

Modalities. — Worse^  mental  emotions,  touch.  Bet- 
ter, chewing,  pressure,  night,  lying  on  affected  side, 
Mid  warmth. 

Relationship. — Acts  similarly  to  Caprum  met,,  but 
is  more  violent  in  action. 

Dose. — Third  to  sixth  trituration. 

CUPRUM    ARSENITUM. 

(Arsenite  of  Copper — Scheele's  Green.) 

A  remedy  for  various  intestinal  affections,  cholera 
Baorbus  and  infantum,  diarrhcea,  and  dysentery* 
XJrwfnic  convulsions.  Nephritis  of  pregnancy.  Gar- 
Ucky  odor  of  urine.  Convulsions  preceded  by  gastro- 
intestinal symptoms.  Chlorosis.  Bronchial  asth- 
ina  and  with  emphysema. 

Mouths— Tongue  thickly  coated,  dirty  brown; 
Rfhite;   metallic  taste;    thirst. 

Back* — Persistent  lameness.     Pain  in  lumbar  re- 
on  and  in  lower  left  shoulder  blade;     chest  feels 
tight. 

Abdomen. — Violent  abdominal   pain.     Diarrhoea 
phthisis.     Cholera.     [Ars.;  Verai.;  Camph.]K\itn' 
fiing  and  sharp  cutting  pain. 

Skin. — CoJd,    cktmmy   perspiratioll    oi    ati  \u\a^* 


246  CUPkUM   ARSENIT. CUPRUM  MET. 

mittent  nature.     Acne,    pustules  on    face   and  in 
the  cruro-genital  region;  ulcers  look  likechancie. 
Dose. — Second  and  third  trituration. 

CUPRUM   METALLICUM. 

(Copper.) 

Spasmodic  affections,  cramps,  convulsions,  begin- 
ning in  fingers  and  toes,  violent,  contractive,  and 
intermitting  pain,  are  some  of  the  more  marked  ex- 
pressions of  the  action  of  Cuprum ;  and  its  curative 
range  therefore  includes  tonic  and  clonic  spasms, 
convulsions,  and  epileptic  attacks.  Nausea  greater 
than  in  any  other  remedy.  In  epilepsy,  aura  begins 
at  knees,  ascends  to  hypogastrium ;  then  uncon- 
sciousness, foaming,  and  falling.  Sjnnptoms  dis- 
posed to  appear  periodically  and  in  groups.  Com- 
plaints begin  in  left  side.     [Laches,] 

Where  eruptions  strike  in,  as  in  scarlet  fever,  com- 
plaints may  result,  such  as  excessive  vomiting, 
stupor,  convulsions,  which  come  within  the  sphere 
of  this  remedy.  The  pains  are  increased  by  move- 
ment and  touch. 

Head. — Empty  feeling.  Purple,  red  swelling  of 
head,  with  convulsions.  Bruised  pain  in  brain  and 
eyes  on  turning  them.  Meningitis.  Sensation  as  if 
water  were  poured  over  head. 

Eyes. — Fixed,  stary,  sunken,  glistening,  turned 
upward.  Crossed.  Quick  rolling  of  eyeballs,  with 
closed  eyes. 

Face. — Distorted,  pale,  bluish,  with  blue  lips. 
Contraction  of  jaws,  with  foam  at  mouth. 

Nose. — Sensation  of  violent  congestion  of  blood 
to  nose.     [Mclilot.] 


CTJPHtFM   METALLICUM.  347 

Mouth. — Sinmg  metallic  ia^e,  with  flow  of  saliva. 
Constant  protrusion  and  retraction  of  the  tongue, 
ike  a  snake.  ILach-]  Paralysis  of  tongue.  Stam- 
fnering  speech. 

Stomach, — Hiccough  preceding  the  spasms.  Nau- 
sea. Vomiting,  with  colic,  diarrht^a,  spasms. 
Strong  metalHc  taste.  [Rhus.]  When  drinking ^  ike 
^uid  descends  wjlh  gurgling  souttd.  [Laur^]  Craves 
bool  drink* 

Stools. — Black,  painful,  bloody,  with  tenesmus 
|nd  weakness.  Cholera;  with  cramps  in  abdomen 
ind  calves* 

Female.^Menses  too  late^  protracted.  Cramps, 
Extending  into  chest,  before,  during,  or  after  sup- 
pression of  menses.  Also^  from  suppressed  foot 
weats.  [SiL]  EbtilUtion  of  blood;  palpitation. 
Chlorosis ,     .4  fier- pains . 

Heart, — Angina  pectoris.  Slow  pulse.  Fatty 
legeneration.     [Phytol^ 

Heapir&tory. — Cough  has  a  gurgling  sound ;  lijetter 
by  drinking  coM  water.  Suffocative  attacks,  worse* 
\  A.  M*  {Am.  r.]  Constriction  of  chest;  spas- 
nodic  asti  ma,  alternating  with  spasmodic  vomiting. 
IThooping  cough,— better,  swallow  water  {Cmisi,] — 
iHth  vomiting  and  spasms  and  purple  face.  Spasm 
jf  the  glottis. 

ExtremitieB. — -Jerking,  twitching  of  muscles.  Cold- 
of  hands.     Cramps  in  palms.     Great  weariness 
bs.     Cramps  in  calves  and  soles.     Epilepsy; 
begins  in  knees.     Clenched   thumbs.     Clonic 
isms,  beginning  in  fingers  and  toes. 

Skin.— B/t*M,  marbled.       Ulcers,  itching  spots, 
id  pimples  at  the  folds  of  joints. 


248  CUPRUM   MBTALLICUM CURARA. 

Sleep. — Profound,  with  shocks  in  body.  During 
sleep  constant  grumbling  in  abdomen. 

Modalities. — Worse,  before  menses;  from  vomit- 
ing.   Better,  during  perspiration,  drinking  cold  water. 

Relationship. — Antidotes:    BeU.;  Hepar;  Camph. 

Compare:  Cupr.  sulph.  (burning  at  vertex;  in- 
cessant, spasmodic  cough;  worse  at  night;  tongue 
and  lips  bluish);  Cupr.  cyan,  (meningitis  basilaris); 
Cholas  terrapina  (cramps  in  calves  and  feet;  rheu- 
matism, with  cramp-like  pains);  Plumb.;  Nux; 
Veratr. 

Dose. — Sixth  to  thirtieth  potency. 

CURARA. 

(Arrow-Poison — ^Woorari.) 

Muscular  paralysis  without  impairing  sensation 
and  consciousness.  Paralysis  of  respiratory  mus- 
cles. Reflex  action  diminished.  Debility  of  the 
aged  [Baryta]  and  from  loss  of  fluids.  Catelepsy. 
Nervous  debility.     Trismus.     Tetanus. 

Mind. — Indecision ;  no  longer  wishes  to  think  or 
act  for  herself. 

Head. — Lancinating  pains  all  over  head.  Head 
drawn  backward.  Falhng  out  of  hair.  Brain  feels 
full  of  fluid. 

Eyes. — Sharp  stitching  pains  over  right  eye. 
Black  spots  before  vision.     Ptosis  of  right  side. 

Ears. — Noises;  unbearable  earache.  Lancinat- 
ing pains  start  from  ears;  extend  down  to  legs. 
Swelling  of  lobes  of  ear. 

Nose. — Ozasna.  Tubercles  on  nose;  fetid  lumps 
of  pus. 


I 


CURARA CYCLAMEN.  t^^ 

Face. — Facial  and  buccal  paralysis.  Tongue 
and  niQutb  dra\NTi.  Red  face.  Tongue  and  mouth 
drawn  to  right. 

Respiratory. — Threatened  paralysis  of  respiration 
on  falling  asleep.  Short  breath.  Short  dry  cough; 
provokes  vomiting,  followed  by  fainting.  Ckesi  sore 
k>  pressure,       V^ery  distressing  dyspn<ta- 

Extremities. — Tired  pain  up  and  down  spint*. 
J  riH J  weaky  heavy.  Cannot  lift  the  fingers.  Weak- 
ness of  hands  and  fingers  in  pianists.  Legs  tremble; 
give  way  in  walking.  Debility;  paralysis.  Cata- 
lepsy.    Favors  development  of  corns. 

Slda.— Leprosy*  Dirty-looking;  skin.  Boils, 
Tubercle.s  on  nose.  Liver  spots,  Blood  ooxes 
through.     Itching. 

Modalities. — Worse,  dampness,  cold  weather,  cold 
wind;    a  a.  m.;  right  side. 

Relationship. --Com pare:  Crotahts;  Nux;  Con.  It 
antidotes  Sirycknin. 

Dose,^ — Sixth  to  thirtieth  potency. 

CYCLAMEW, 

(Sow-Bread/) 

Anaemic  and  chlorotic  conditions.  Affections  of 
utenis.  Gastrointestinal  and  genito-urinary  tracts 
affected,  inducing  secondary  anemia  and  various 
reflexes. 

Head. — Terrors  of  conscience.  Grieves  over  duty 
neglected.  Depression,  with  weeping  and  desire  to 
be  alone.  Aching  in  morning,  with  flickering  before 
fyes.  Vertigo;  things  turn  in  a  circle;  better,  in  the 
room;  worse,  open  air.     One-sided  headache.  Cou^ 


2  5©  CYCLAMEN — CYPRIPEDIUM. 

at  night  while  asleep  without  waking,  especially  in 
children.     [Cham.;  Nitr.  ac.] 

Eyes. — Dim  vision,  worse  on  waking,  with  spots 
before  eyes.  Flickering  of  various  colors.  Conver- 
gent strabismus.     Sees  countless  stars.     Diplopia. 

Stomach. — Salty  taste;  hiccough-like  eructation 
worse,  fat  food.  Diarrhoea  after  every  cup  of  coffee; 
Hiccough.  Satiety  after  a  few  mouthfuls.  Disgust 
for  meat,  especially  pork.     Desire  for  lemonade. 

Female. — Menses  profuse,  black,  membranous, 
clotted,  too  early,  with  labor-like  pains  from  back 
to  pubes.  Flow  less  when  moving  about.  Men- 
strual irregularities,  with  megrim  and  blindness,  or 
fiery  spots  before  eyes.  Hiccough  during  pregnancy. 
Post-partum  haemorrhage,  with  colicky  bearing-down 
pains,  with  rehef  after  gush  of  blood. 

Extremities. — Pains  in  parts  where  bones  lie  near 
surface.  Burning,  sore  pain  in  heels.  Cramplike 
contraction  of  right  thumb  and  index  finger. 

Modalities. — Worse,  open  air,  evenings,  sitting, 
standing,  and  cold  water.  Better,  during  menstrual 
flow,  by  moving  about,  rubbing  parts;  in  warm 
room,  lemonade. 

Skin. — Acne  in  young  women,  pruritus  better 
^c^atching  and  appearance  of  menses. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Ambra;  Kali  brotn.; 
Cinchona.     For.  cit.  et  Chin. 

Dose. — Third  attenuation. 

CYPRIPEDIUM. 
(Yellow  Lady's  Slipper.) 
The  skin  symptoms  correspond  to  those  of  poison- 
ing  by  Rhus,  for  which  it  has  been  found  an  efficient 


CypRIPEDIUM— DAPHNE   INDICA.  251 

Antidote.     Nervousness  io  children;    from  teething 
nd  intestinal  troubles.     Debility  after  gout* 

Head. — Child  cries  out  at  night ;  is  wakeful,  and 
begins  to  laugh  and  play.     Sleeplessness. 

Relationship  .^-Compare:  Ambra;  Kali  brom.; 
Scutellar.;  Valeriatt;  Ign(^.  Skin  relatives :  Grin- 
ielia;  Anacafd. 

Dose, — Tincture,  to  sixth  attenuation. 

k  DAPHNE    INDICA, 

(Spurge  Laurel.) 
ts  on  lower  tissues,  muscles,  bones,  and  skin, 
sudden,  lightning-like  jerks  in  different  parts  of  the 
body.     Cramng  for  tobacco.     Parts  of  the  body  feel 
parated.     [Bapt.]     Fetid  breath,  urine^  sweat. 

Head. — Feels  as  if  skull  would  burst;  as  if  head 
p^ere  separated  from  body.  Heat  in  head,  especially 
n  vertex.  Tongue  coated  on  one  side  only  [Rhus]; 
bul'StneUing ;     ptyalism  hot. 

Urine. — Thick,  ttu-bidj  yellowish ^  like  rotten  eggs. 

Extremities. — Right  toe  swollen,  painful.  Pain 
ihoots  upward  into  abdomen  and  heart.  Rheumatic 
^in  in  thighs  and  knees.  Cold  feeling  on  buttocks, 
"hooting  pains,  shift  rapidly;    worse,  cold  air. 

Sleep. — Entire  inability  to  sleep,  sometimes  caused 
iy  aching  in  bones.     Dreams,  with  nightmare. 
Relatiooship.  —A  n t  id  o t es :    Bry, ;    Rli  ns . 
Compare:    Fluor,  ac.;  Aur.;  Me^.;  Staph. 

Dose. — First  to  sixth  attenuation. 


252  DIGITALIS. 

DIGITALIS. 

(Foxglove.) 

Comes  into  play  in  all  diseases  where  the  heart  is 
primarily  involved,  where  the  pulse  is  weak^  irregu- 
lar, intermittent,  abnormally  slow,  and  dropsy  of  ex- 
ternal and  internal  parts.  Weakness  and  dilatation 
of  the  myocardium.  Other  symptoms  of  organic 
heart  disease,  such  as  great  weakness  and  sinking  of 
strength,  faintness,  coldness  of  .skin,  and  irregiilar 
respiration;  cardiac  irritability  and  ocular  troubles 
after  tobacco;  jaundice  from  induration  and  hyper- 
trophy of  the  liver,  frequently  call  for  Digitalis. 
Faint,  as  if  dying.  Bluish  appearance  of  face.  Car- 
diac muscular  failure  when  asystole  is  present.  Pros- 
tration from  slight  exertion.     Collapse. 

Mind. — Despondency ;  fearful,  anxious  about  the 
future.  Dullness  of  sense.  Every  shock  strikes  in 
epigastrium. 

Head. — Vertigo  when  walking  and  on  rising. 
Sharp,  shooting  frontal  pain,  extending  into  nose, 
after  drinking  cold  water  or  eating  ice-cream. 
Heaviness  of  head,  with  sensation  as  if  it  would  fall 
backward.  Face  bluish.  Confusion  and  fullness 
and  noise  in  head.  Cracking  sounds  during  a  nap- 
Eyes. — Blueness  of  eyelids.  Dark  bodies,  like 
flies,  before  eyes.  Objects  appear  green  and  yellow. 
Stomach. — Sweet  taste,  with  constant  ptyalism. 
Excessive  nausea,  not  relieved  by  vomiting.  Faint- 
ness, great  weakness  in  stomach.  Burning  in  stom- 
ach extending  to  oesophagus.  After  cold  water  or 
ice-cream  sharp  pain  in  forehead,  extending  to  nose. 
Faintness  and  vomiting  from  motion.  Discomfort, 
even  after  a  small  quantity  of  food,  or  from  mere 


DIGITALIS.  253 

ight  or  smell.      Tenderness  of  epigastrium.    Copious 
livation.     N^nraigii:  pain  in  stofnach,  uncorrected 
with  taking  food. 

Abdomen* — Pain  in  left  side  apparently  in  de- 
•Bcending  colon  and  under  false  ribs.  Severe  ab- 
dominal pains,  pulsation  in  abdominal  aorta,  and 
api  gastric  con  striction . 

Stooh— White,  ckalk4ike,  ashy,  pasty  stools.  Diar- 
rhoea during  jatindice. 

Urine, — Continued  urging,  in  drops,  dark,  hot, 
burning,  with  sharp  cutting  or  throbbing  pain  at  neck 
•of  bladder;  worse  at  night.  Suppressed.  Ammoni- 
Ecal,  and  turbid.  Urethritis,  phimosis,  strangury. 
Full  feeling  after  urination.  Constriction  and 
burning,  as  if  urethra  was  too  small.  Brick -dust 
sediment. 

Female. — Labor-like  pains  in  abdomen  and  back 
before  menses.     Uterine  haDmorrhage. 

Hale. — Nightly  emissions  [Digit alin],  with  great 
weakness  of  genitals  after  coitus.  Hydrocele;  scro- 
tum enlarged  like  a  bladder.  Gonorrhoea,  balanitis 
\Merc.]^  with  t:edema  of  prepuce.  Dropsical  swelling 
hi  genitals.     [Sutph] 

Respiratory, — Desire  to  take  a  deep  breath. 
53rea  t  hing  irregular  (difficult;  deepsighing.  Cough* 
Ip^ith  raw,  sore  feeling  in  ch^t.  Expectoration 
5^'eetish.  Dyspnoea.  Senile  pneumonia.  Great 
p^eakness  in  chest.  Cannot  bear  to  talk.  Hsemopty- 
|is»  with  w^k  heart. 

Heart, — The  least  movement  causes  violent  pal- 
pitation, and  sensation  as  if  it  would  cease  beating, 
i  he  moves.  [Opposite  r  Gels.]  Frequent  stitcher 
hesrt.      V^ry    slaw    pulse,     Jwlo'Mi'its;        nwEok. 


1 


254  DIGITALIS. 

Cyanosis.  Inequality  o£  pulse;  it  varies,  Suddm 
sensaiion  as  if  heart  stood  stilL  PtUse  weak,  and 
quickened  by  least  fnovemefti.  Peridicarditis^  copi- 
ous serous  exudation. 

EitremitieE* — Swelling  of  the  feet.  Fingers  go  to 
sleep  easily.  Coldness  of  hands  and  feetn  Rheu- 
matic pain  in  joints.  Shining,  white  swelling  of 
joints.     Muscular  debility* 

Sleep* — Starts  from  sleep  in  alarm  that  he  is  fall- 
ing from  a  height.     Continuous  sleepiness. 

Fever,^ — Sudden  flushes  of  heat^  followed  by  great 
nervous  weakness. 

Skin, — Blue  distended  veins  on  lids,  ears,  lips,  and 
tongite.     DfopskaL     Itching^  and  jaundiced. 

Modalities, — Worse,  when  sitting  erect,  after  meals 
and  music.  Better  when  stomach  is  empty;  in  open 
air. 

Relationship . — An tid o tes :  Camph . ;  Serpeniark' 
Incompatible :  China.  Compare  :  ConvalL ;  Admijs; 
Crataegus  (a  true  heart  tonic) ;  Neriunt  odormn  (pal- 
pitation, strengthens  a  weak  heart) ;  Kalmia;  Spigd: 
Apacyn^;  Liatris;  Stroph.  Compare,  also:  Digiioxi' 
n,um,  (Digitalin  dissolved  in  Chloroform),  which  has 
yellow  vision  very  marked  and  distressing  nausea^ 
aggravated  by  champagne  and  aerated  waters,  Niifi- 
spir,  dulc.  increases  action  of  Digit. 

Convallaria  (heart  disease  with  vertigo  and  di- 
gestive disturbances). 

Bo  Be,— The  third  to  thirtieth  attenuation  will 
bring  about  reaction  when  the  drug  is  homoeopathi- 
cally  indicated;  but  for  palliative  piirposes  the  phy- 
siological dosage  is  required.  For  this  purpose,  the 
tif^ctiije  made  from  the  fr^sh  plant  in  doses  of  five  X% 


DI G I T AL I S— Dl OSCOREA    VILLOSA. 


25s 


fifteen  drops,  when  the  cardiac  stimulation  is  de- 
sired ^  or  the  infusion  1  j  percent.  Dose^  one-half  to 
one  ounce  if  the  diuretic  action  is  wanted.  The 
tincture  may  be  given  on  sugar  or  bread,  and  noth- 
ing liquid  be  taken  for  twenty  minutes  before  or 
after  its  administration. 


1 


DIOSCOREA   VILLOSA. 

(Wild  Yam.) 

As  a  remedy  for  many  kinds  of  pain^  especially 
colic,  it  ranks  with  the  polychrests  of  the  Materia 
Medica.  Persons  of  feeble  digestive  powers;  tea- 
drinkers,  with  much  flatulence, 

Mind,^— Calls  things  by  the  wrong  name. 

Head.— Dull  pain  in  both  temples;  better  pres- 
sure, but  worse  altenvards. 

Stamach. — Belching  of  large  quantities  of  offen- 
sive gas.  Neuralgia  of  stomach.  Pain  along  ster- 
mutn  and  extending  into  arms.  Eructations  of  sour, 
ibitter  wind,  unlh  hiccough.  Sharp  pain  in  epigas- 
trium, relieved  by  standing  erect. 
ii  Abdomen, — Rumbling,  with  emission  of  much 
flatus.  Griping,  cutting  In  hypogastric  region,  with 
intermittent  cutting  in  stomach  and,  small  intestines. 
Colic;  better  walking  about;  pains  radiate  from  ab- 
domen to  back,  chest,  arms;  worse,  bending  for- 
wards and  while  lying.  Gall-stone  colic.  Sharp 
pains  from  livery  shooting  upward  to  right  nipple. 
Pain  from  gall-bladder  to  chesty  back,  and  arms. 
Kenal  colic,  with  pain  in  extremities. 

Heart.' — ^Angina  pectoris;  pain  back  of  sternum 
into  arms;  labored  breathing ;  feeble  action  of  heart. 

Rj&ctum,- — Haemorrhoids,   with   darting   pau\s  to 


2  5^ 


DtOSCOftBA  vJllosa^djphtheIT 


liver;  look  UUm  bunches  of  grapes  or  r^d  cherries 3 
protrude  after  stool,  with  pain  in  anus.  Diarrhoea, 
(worse  in  morning)  yellowish,  followed  by  exhausi 
tion.  Itching  of  rectum.  [CoUins.;  M^cuL]  Sensai 
tion  as  if  Hat  us  and  fspces  were  hot.  ^ 

Male. — Rdaxation  and  coldness  of  organs.  Faini 
shoot  into  testicles  frcim  region  of  kidneys.  Strong'^ 
smeiling  sweat  on  scrotum  and  pubes.  Emissions  in 
sleep  or  from  sexual  atony,  with  weak  htees. 

Female.— Uterine  colic;  pains  radiate  from  uterus* 
Vivid  dreams. 

Eictremities,— Lameness  in  back;  worse,  stoop^ 
ing.  Ac  hi  ng  a  ti  d  s  1 1  ff  ness  in  j  oin  t  s .  Sc  ia  t  ica ;  painfl 
shoot  down  thigh;  worse,  right  side;  better,  wheii 
perfectly  stilL  Felons  in  beginning,  when  pricking* 
is  first  felt-  Nails  brittle.  Cramps  in  flexors  of 
Angers  and  toes. 

Modalities. — Worse,  evening  and  night,  lying  downt 
and  doubling  up.     Better^  standing  erects  motion,  in^ 
open  air;    pressure- 
Relationship. — Antidotes:    Chamom.;  Cant  ph. 

Compare:    Cohcy.     (differs  in  modalities);    Nh 
Cham^:  Bry. 

I>ose«^ — Tincture,  to  third  potency. 


DIPHTHERINUM. 

(A^titoxinO 

Adapted  to  patients  prone  to  catarrhal  affectl 
of  respiratory  organs,  scrofulous  individuals, 
theria,  laryngeal  diphtheria,  post-diphtheritic  ] 
ysis.     Malignancy  from  the  start.     Glands  swj 
tongue  red,  swollen ;   breath  and  discharges  ve 
fensiifc.     £>jph£heritic  meinbTane  tbick^  dark.. 


F 


mPHTH. — ^DOUCHOS — DORYFHORA.  35?^ 


taxis;       pfofouDd   prostration.     Swallows  without, 
pam»  but  fluids  are  vomited  or  returned  by  the  nose^ 
Dose,— Thirtieth,  two  hundredth  or  C*  M.  poten- 
cy*    Must  not  be  repeated  too  frequently. 


DOLICHOS    PRURIEMS. 

(Cowbage.) 


Ji 


A  right-sided  medicine,  with  pronounced  liver  and 
skin  symptoms.  A  general  intense  itching  without 
eruption.     Exalted  nervous  sensibility.  ^1 

Throat* — Pain  in  throat,  worse  swalloming,  belat^n 
right  angh  of  jaw,  as  if  splinter  mere  imbedded  vetti- 
cally.     Pain  in  gums  prevents  sleep. 

Bowels.— Colic  from  get  ting 'feet  wet.  ConsHpa- 
Hon,  -uHth  intense  itching;  bloated  abdomen.  White 
stools. 

Skin. — Interne  itching,  with  no  swellijig  or  rash. 
Jaundice.  Yellow  in  spots;  itching  excessively  at 
night.     Herpes  roster.     [^4rs.] 

Modalities.^WfWs^i  at  night,  scratching.  ^^ 

Rel*tionBhip> — Compare:  Rhus;  BdL;   Hep,;  A^/f,^^ 
ac.;    Fagopyr. 

Dose.^-Sixth  to  thirtieth  potency. 


BORYPHORA. 

(Colorado  Potato- Bug.) 

The  center  of  this  drug*s  action  seems  to  be  in 
the  urinary  organs^  and  hence  its  employment  in 
gonorrhoea  and  gleet.  Urethritis  in  children  from 
local  irritation  and  gleet.  Great  trembling  in  ex- 
tremities. Prostration.  Swelling  of  body.  Burn' 
ing  s^nsatiofi- 


I 


35S  DORYPKORA DROSBRA. 

Urinary, — -Diflficult  tnictixrition.  Urethra  in- 
flamed, with  excniciating  pain  when  urinating. 
Pain  in  back  and  loins.  Severe  trembhng^  of 
limbs. 

Relationship. — Antidote:    ^iram. 

Compare:    Agar.:  -4 ^'5;  Canth;  Lachr,   Caccion^ 

Dose. — Sixth  to  thirtieth  potency. 


1 


li 


DROSERA. 

(Snndew,) 

Affects  markedly  the  respiratory  organs,  and  was 
pointed  out  by  Hahnemann  as  the  principal  remedy 
for  whooping-cough.  Laryngeal  phthisis  is  beae- 
fited  by  it.  Phthisis  pulmonum.  Pains  about  hip- 
joint , 

Head. — Vertigo  when  walking  in  open  air.  with 
iticlination  to  fall  to  the  ief$  side.  Coldness  of  left 
half  of  face,  with  stinging  pains  and  dry  heat  of 
right  half. 

Respiratory  Organs. — Spasmodic  dry  cough,  like 
whooping-cought  the  paroxysms  following  each  other 
very  rapidly;  can  scarcely  breathe;  chokes.  Cough 
very  deep  and  hoarse;  worse,  after  midnight ;  yellow 
expectoration,  with  bleeding  fra>n  Jtose  and  mouth; 
reiching.  Deep,  hoiirse  voice;  hoarseness;  laryngitis, 
Rough,  scraping  sensation  deep  in  the  fauces  and 
soft  palate.  Sensation  as  if  crumbs  were  in  the 
throat,  of  feather  in  larynx.  Laryngeal  phthisis, 
with  rapid  emaciation.  Harassing  and  titillating 
cough  in  children,— not  at  all  through  the  day,  but 
commences  as  soon  as  the  head  touches  the  piUow  at 
night.  Clergyman's  sore  throat,  with  rough,  scrap- 
ings dry  sensation  deep  in  the  fauces ;   voice  hoarsei 


DROSES.A — OUBOISIA.  ^59 

toneless,  cracked,  requires  exertion  to  speak. 

stkma  when  talking,  with  contraction  of  the  throat 
it  every  word  uttered. 

Ex txeniities,— Paralytic  pains  in  the  coxo-femoral 
joint  and  thighs.  Stiffness  in  joints  of  feet.  All 
limbs  feel  lame. 

.  Fever.— ^Internal  chilliness;  shivering,  with  hot 
ace,  coM  hands,  no  thirst.  Is  always  too  cold^  even 
b  bed. 

Modalities. — Worse  ^  after  mid  nighty  lying  down, 
m  ijctting  warm  in  bed,  drinking^  singing,  laughing. 

Relationship. — Antidote:    Camph. 

Compare:    Chelid.;  CoralL;  Cupr.;  Casta nea;  Ar- 
rent.;  Menyanth. 

Dose, — First  to  third  attenuation. 

DUBOISIA. 

^^B  (Corkwood  Tree.) 

TCcts  chiefly  on  the  nervous  system,  eyes,  upper 
^spiratory  tract.  Recommended  in  pharyngitis 
acca  with  black  stringy  mucus.  It  dilattjs  the  pupil, 
[ries  the  mouth,  checks  perspiration,  causes  head- 
ache and  drowsiness.  On  the  eye  it  acts  more 
romptly  than  Atropia,  much  stronger  as  a  my- 
Tia^tic^  Red  spot  floais  in  ih&  field  of  vision.  Sensa- 
bn  as  if  stepping  on  empty  space:  Scarlet  fever; 
pco-motor  ataxia. 

Mind, — Absent  minded,  incoherent »  silly  mtd  mtn- 
tfisicai,  raeoiory  imjjaired. 

Head. — Impossible  to  stand  with  eyes  shut,  ten- 
dency to  faU  backwards. 
^  %ye%.—CimjHHi:lipUis^  a^cute  and  c^vocvVc.      "ft^- 


2  6o 


D  U  BO  I SIA— DULCAMARA* 


persemia  of  retina;  fundus  red,  blood-vessels  full  and 
tortuous;  pupils  dilated,  with  dim  vision.  Pain 
over  eye,  between  it  and  brow. 

Respiratory. — Larynx  dry,  voice  hoarse^  phoni- 
tion  diflici^lt.     Dry  cough  with  oppressed  breatbing^ 

Extremities, — ^Loss  of  power  in  Embs,  staggers: 
feels  as  if  he  stepped  oti  empty  space.  Trembling, 
numbness  and  weakness. 

Relationsliip, —  Has  been  used  as  a  substitute  fof 
Airopia  in  doses  of  1-80  to  1—20  of  a  grain  hypoder- 
mically.  Antidotes:  Morphia',  Pilocarp.  Com- 
pare:   Bellad.]    Stram.:     Hyos. 

Dose. — Third  attenuation* 


DULCAMARA, 

(Bittersweet.) 

Hot  days  and  cold  nights  towards  the  close  d 
suimner  are  especially  favorable  to  the  action  of  Dul- 
camara, and  is  one  of  the  remedies  that  correspotid 
in  their  symptoms  to  the  conditions  found  as  efificts 
of  damp  weather,  colds  after  exposure  to  wet,  es- 
pecially diarrhoea.  It  has  a  specific  relation  also  to 
the  skin^  gla^ids^  and  digestive  organs,  mucous  nmti- 
branes  secreting  more  profusely  while  the  skin  is  m- 
active.  The  fheumatic  irouhUs  induced  by  damp 
cold  are  aggravated  by  every  cold  change  and  sonw- 
what  relieved  by  moving  about.  Results  from  sit- 
ting on  cold,  damp  ground*  Congestive  headache, 
with  neuralgia  and  dry  nose.  Patients  living  or 
working  in  damp,  cold  basements.     [N<U.  j«i^J 

Head.^Mental  confusion.  Rejects  things  asked 
for.     Back  part  of  head  chilly ^  heavy,  aching^  dur- 


DULCAMARA. 


a6i 


[g-  cold  weather.  Ringworm  of  scalp.  Scaldhead, 
iitick  brown  crusls,  bleeding  when  scratched. 

Hose, — Dry  coty^m..  Complete  stoppage  of  nose. 
Stuffs  up  when  there  is  a  cold  rain .  Thick  yellow  mu- 
cus^ bloody  crusts.  Profuse  coryza.  Wants  nose 
kept  warm,  least  cold  air  stops  the  nose. 

Eyes, — Every  time  he  takes  cold  it  settles  in 
eyes.  Thick  yellow  discharge;  granular  lids.  Hay- 
fever;  profuse  watery  discharge,  worse  in  open  air. 

Ears. — Earache,  buzzing,  stitches^  and  swelling  of 
parotids.     Middle-ear  catarrh.     [Merc,  dulc.;    Kal. 

Mouth. — Saliva  tenacious,  soapy*  Dry,  rough 
tongue,  rough  scraping  in  throat,  after  taking  cold 
in  damp  weather.  Cold-sores  on  lips.  Facial  neu- 
ralgia.;   worse,  slightest  exposure  to  cold. 

Face,— ^Tearing  in  cheek  extending  to  ear,  orbit 
and  jaw,  preceded  by  coldness  of  parts ^  and  attended 
by  canine  hunger.  Humid  eruption  on  cheeks  and 
face  generally H 

Stomach, — Vomiting  of  white  tenacious  mucus. 
Aversion  to  food.  Burning  t^tirst  for  cold  drinks. 
Heartburn.  Nausea  accompanies  the  desire  for 
,stooL     Chilliness  during  vomiting, 

»  Abdomen^ — Colic  from  cold-  Cutting  pain  about 
\maveL     Swelling  of  inguinal  glands,     [Merc^ 

I  Stool.— Green,  watery,  slimy,  bloody,  mucous,  es- 
Specially  in  summer,  when  the  weather  suddenly  be- 
jcomes  cool;  from  damp  cold  wmt^j£r  and  repelled 
eruptions. 

Urine* — Must  urinate  when  getting  chilled.  Stran- 
gury, painful  micturition.     Catarrh  of  bladder  troin 


963  DULCAMARA. 

taking  cold.     Urine  has  thick,  purulent  sediment, 
Ischuria  from  wading^  with  bare  feet  in  cold  water> 

Female* — Suppression  of  menses  from  cold  or 
dampness.  Before  appearances  of  menses  a  tosh 
appears  t7n  skiUj  or  sexual  excitement*  Dysmenor- 
rhoea,  with  blotches  all  over;  mammae  engorged  and 
sore^  delicate,  sensitive  to  cold. 

Respiratory.— Cough  worse  cold  wet  weather, 
with  free  expectoration,  tickling  in  larynx.  Cough, 
hoarse,  s|:jasmodic.  Whooping-cough,  with  excess- 
ive secretion  of  mucus.  Winter  coughs,  dry*  teas- 
ing. Asthma  with  dyspnoea.  Loose,  rattling  cough ; 
worse  wet  weather*  Must  cough  a  long  tone  10 
expel  phlegm. 

Bapk. — Stiff  neck.  Pain  in  small  of  back,  as  after 
long  stooping.  Stiffness  and  lameness  across  neck 
and  shoulders,  after  getting  cold  and  wet. 

Extremities, — Paralysis;  paralysed  limbs,  jeel  ky 
cold.  Warts  on  hands.  Pain  in  shin-bones.  Rheu- 
matism alternates  with  diarrhoea. 

Skin. — Adenitis.  Pruritus  always  worse  in  coU 
wH  weather.  Herpes  zoster,  pemphigus.  Swelling 
and  indurated  glands  from  cold.  Vesicular  erup- 
tions. Sensitive  bleeding  ulcers.  Little  boils.  Red 
spots,  urticaria,  brought  on  by  exposure  or  sour 
Etomach.  Humid  eruptions  on  face,  genitais,  bands, 
etc.  Warts,  large,  smooth,  on  face  and  hand.s.  An- 
asarca.  Thick  brown- yellow  crusts,  bleeding  when 
scratched. 

Fever. — Dry  burning  heat  all  over.  Chilliness 
towards  evening,  mostly  in  back.  Icy  c^oldness, 
with  pains i  Dry  heat  and  burning  of  skin.  Chilli- 
ness with  thirst. 


^^t  D0LCAMARA— ECHINACEA.  261^ 

Modalities.^ — Worse   at   night :  from  cold  in  gen- 
eral, damp,  rainy   weather.     Better,    from   moving 
1  about,    external  warmth. 

Relationship* — Antidotes:     Camph.;  Cupr. 
Incompatible:    BcUad.;  Laches. 
Compare:     Pi-mpinella  (lumbago  and  stiff  neck; 
;  pain  from  nape  to  shoulder;     chilliness).        Rhus; 
Cifnicif,;  Cole,;  Puis.;  Bry.;  Nat.  sulpha 

Dose« — Second  to  thirtieth  potency* 

^^  ECHINACEA. 

^H  (Purple  Co ne*F lower.)  '^H 

f  Symptoms  of  blood  poisoning^  septic  conditions 
generally.  Appendicitis.  Diarrbcea  in  typhoid, 
GonorrhcBa.  Boils.  Etysipdas  and  foul  ulcers. 
Gangrene.      Tendency  to  malignancy  in  acute  and 

I  sub-acute  disorders.  Venom  infection.  Cerebro- 
spinal meningitis.     Puerperal  infections. 

Head.— C<m fused,  depressed*  Aches  with  a  pecu- 
liar periodical  flushing  of  the  face,  even  to  the  neck; 
dizziness  and  profound  prostration. 

Fose,™Foul-smelling  discharge,  memhranous  for- 
mations protruding. 

Mouth. — Canker,  gums  recede  and  bleed  easily, 
comers  of  mouth  and  lips  crack;  tongue  dry  and 
swollen ;  sordes.  Tongue,  lips,  and  fauces  tingle, 
with  sense  of  fear  alxntt  heart*  \Acon.\  White 
coating  of  tongue,  with  red  edges. 

Stomach, — Sour,  belching  and  heartburn,     Nau- 
j  sea;    better  lying  down. 

Throat. — Tonsils  purple  or  black,  gray  exudation 
extending  to  posterior  nares  and  air -passages. 


a64  ECHINACEA ELAEIS- — ELAPS    COR.. 

Chest. — Pain  as  of  a  lump  in  chest  and  under 
sternum.     Pain  in  pectoral  muscles.     [Aristolocfna] 

Urine. — Albuminous,  scanty;  frequont  and  in- 
voluntary. 

Female. — Puerperal  septicmmiai  discharges  sup- 
pressed;   abdomen  sensitive  and  tympanitic. 

Skin. — Recurring  boils.  Carbuncle.  Insect  bites 
and  poisonous  plants.     Lymphatics  enlarged. 

Fever,' — Chilliness,  with  nausea.  Cold  flashes  all 
over  back. 

Relationship, — Compare:  Ars.;  Laches.;  Bapih,^ 
Ekus;  Cistus, 

Dose* — -Tincture,  one  to  five  drops,  every  two 
hours,  and  larger  doses. 

Locally t  as  a  cleansing  and  antiseptic  wash. 

ELAEIS. 

(Avoria.) 
Scleroderma.    Elephantiasis-    Scleriasis*  leprosy* 
Skin. — Thickened,  itching,  hardened. 
Relationship, — Compare :    Hydrocotyh;  Anacafd,l 
Ars&nic. 

ELAPS   CORALLmUS, 

(Coral-Snake,) 

Similar  to  snake-poisons  generally.  Has  very 
marked  black  discharges.  Cold  things  disagnt. 
Desire  for  sweetened  buttermilk.  Nausea  and  vom- 
iting. Prostrating  diarrhoea  of  consumption.  Acid- 
ity of  stomach,  with  faint  feeling.  Sudden  pain  in 
stomach.  Spasm  of  oesophagus;  phar>Tix  con- 
stricted i     food  and  Equids  suddenly  arrestedj  and 


^ 


F' 


ELAFS    CORALLINUS.  265 


I  then  fall  heavily  into  stomach.  Spasms  followed  by 
paresis.  Cold  feeling  in  stoviack.  Pniits  atid  ice- 
water  lie  very  cold. 

Mind. — Depressed;     imagines  he  hears  some  one 
I  talking ;    dreads  to  be  left  alone.     Fmr  of  rain. 

Head  ♦^Violent  headache^  extending  from   fore- 
head to  occiput.     Vertigo,   with  tendency  to  fall 
I  forward. 


Eatfi* — Cenimen  black  and  hard,  with  difficult 
I  hearing,  or  serous^  greenish  discharge,  offensive; 
I  buzzing,  and  illusion  of  hearing.     Sudden  attack  of 

nightly  deafness,  with  roaring  and  cracking  in  ears* 

Chronic  otorrhcea* 

Kqs^,— Chronic  nasal  catarrh^  with  fetid  odor  and 
greenish  crusts.  Oza^na;  yellowish-green  discharge. 
Mucous  raerabraTie  wrinkled;     nostrils  plugged  up 

I  with  dry  mucus.  Pains  from  nose  to  ears  on  swal- 
lowing.    Nostrils  stuffed  up.     Nasal  bleeding.     Pain 

I  at  root  of  nose.     Eruption  about  nose, 

I  Chest. — Coldness  in  chesi  after  drinking.  Heemor* 
rhage  from  lungs^  black  as  ink  and  watery ;  stitches 
in  apex  of  right  lung.  Fainting  caused  by  stooping. 
Peeling  off  of  skin  from  palms  and  fingers.  Cough, 
with  terrible  pain  through  lungs.  Sensation  of  a 
Sponge  in  CDesophagus. 

Stomach. — Feels  cold.  Sensation  as  if  food 
ctumed  like  a  corkscrew  on  swallowing;  desire i for 
sweetened  buttermilk. 

Female. — Dysmenorrhoea,  with  black  blood .  Dis- 
charge of  black  blood  between  mesises.  Itching  of 
vulva  and  vagina. 

Sl©ep,^Dreams  about  dead  persons. 


I 

i 


1 


2  66  EL  A  PS    CORALLlNtrS— ELATERIUM. 

Extremities.^ — Icy -cold  feet.  Gland&  and  skin  of 
axilla  affected* 

Fever. — Cold  perspiration  all  over.  Typhoids 
when  ulcers  have  eaten  into  tissues,  and  black  blood 
is  discharged. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Kino  (offensive  dark 
discharge  from  right  ear);  Croialus;  Alumen:  Car- 
bo;    Ars.;    Lack. 

Dose. — Sixth  to  thirtieth  potency. 

ELATERIUH. 

(Wild  Cucumber.) 

This  is  an  invaluable  remedy  in  violent  vomiting 
and  purging,  especially  if  the  evacuations  are  copious 
and  watery.  It  is  a  very  efficient  remedy  in  certain 
forms  of  dropsy.  Much  yawning  and  stretchi.'^g 
Beriberi:  choleraic  conditions;  urticaria  and  mental 
disorders  coming  on  as  a  consequence  of  suppressed 
malaria.  Irresistible  desire  to  wander  from  home 
at  night. 

Stomach, — Nausea  and  vomiting,  with  great 
weakness.       Griping  pains  in  bowels* 

SloQX.—Watety^  copious^  fofcefuL  Squirting  diaf- 
rkma;  frothy,  olive  green,  with  cutting  in  abdomen. 

Skin, — Smarts,  stings,  and  burns*  Dropsical- 
Urticaria  from  suppressed  intermittent. 

Fever,  ^C hill  comes  on  with  much  yawning  and 
stretching,  lasting  all  through  chill.  Pain  in  ex- 
tremities, darting  into  fingers  and  toes.  ChiUs  and 
fever,  with  spurting  diarrhoea* 

Modalities. — Worse,  from  exposure  on  damp 
ground* 


ELATERIUM EPJCEA EPIPHEGUS.  267 


F 

■        RelationaMp. — Comparer    Bry.;  Croton;  Gambog, 

I  Bose. — Third  to  iliiriieth  potency.  As  a  hydra- 
I  gogue  cathartic  to  produce  ffee  discharge  in  dropsies, 
I     Elaterin  1-20  of  a  grain.     Palliative  only. 

^^  EPIGEA. 

^^P  (Tr&iling  Arbutus.) 

Chronic  cystitis^  with  dysjiriq;  tenesmus  affcer  znic- 
turition;  fnuco-pus  and  uric  acid  deposit^  gravely  renal 
calculi. 

Relationahip. — Compare:  Uva;  Chimaph-;  Lye; 
Pareira. 

Dose* — Tincture^  in  ro-20  drop  doses,  every  three 
hours* 

EPIPHEGUS. 

(Beechdrop,) 

A  remedy  for  sick,  neurasthenic,  and  nervous 
headaches,  especially  in  women,  brought  on  or  made 
worse  by  exertion t  shopping,  etc.  Tongue  coated 
yellow;  bitter  taste.  Drowsy  after  meals.  Loose 
stools. 

Head. — Pressing  pain  in  temples  from  imtkout  in- 
wards; worse,  left  side,  Viseid  salivation;  constant 
inclination  to  spit. 

ModB-ht^es.— Worse t  from  working  in  open  air. 
Better,  from  sleep. 

Rek  tie  nship . — Com  pare :  Fagus-^  Beech-Huts-^ 
(headache  and  salivation;  swelling  of  mouth;  ddsad 
of  water)* 

Dose. — First  to  third  potency. 


I 


I 


EQ  U  rS  ET  U  M—  E  RE  C  HT1TE& E  RT  G  BROK^ 

EQinSETUM, 
(Scouring*Hush. ) 

A  remedy  for  enitresis  and  dysuria* 

Urinary t — Severe  dull  pain  in  bladder,  not  re- 
lieved by  urinating-  Frequent  urging,  with  severe 
pa.in  at  the  close  of  urinalion.  Urine  flows  only  drop 
by  drop.  Sharp,  burning,  cutting  pain  in  urethra 
while  urinating.     Paralysis  of  bladder  in  old  women . 

Retatiofisliip, — Compare:  Ferr.  phos^;  Apis; 
Canth.;    Linaria. 

Dose,— Tincture,  to  third  potency. 


I 


ERECHTITES, 

(Fire-Weed.) 

A  ha^morrhagic  remedy.  Epistaxis  of  bright  bloodt 
Hemorrhage  from  any  part  always  attended  by  ex- 
citement of  the  circulation.  Flashes  of  heat  and 
coldness. 

Skin, — Symptomjs  like  Rhus  poisoning. 

Rela  tionship. — Com  pare :  Erig. ;  Miltef. ;  H  amam. ; 
EJius. 

ERIGERON. 

(Fleabane.) 

Haemorrhages  are  caused  and  cured  by  this  rem- 
edy. Persistent  haemorrhage  from  the  bladder. 
Haemorrhage  from  the  uterus,  with  painful  micturi- 
tion. Pfofuss  bright-rod  blood.  Pain  in  left  ovary 
and  hip.  Chronic  gonorrhcea,  with  burning  mictun- 
tion ;  continual  dribbling.  Dysentery^  with  soreness 
and  burning  in  bladder.      Tympanites, 


I 


ERIGERON^ERIODICTYON ERYNGIUM .  369 

Female. — Metrofrhagia,  with  violent  initaticm  of 
rectum  and  bladder,  and  prolapsus  uteri.  Bright- 
red  flow.  Profuse  leucorrhoea;  bloody  lochia  re- 
turns after  least  motion,  comes  in  gushes;  between 
periods,  leucorrhoea  with  urinary  irritation;  bleeding 
haemorrhoids;  nosebleed  instead  of  menses.     [Sry\ 

Modalities. — Worse,  left  side. 

Dose. — Tincture,  to  third  potency. 


ERioDicxyoir. 

(Yerba  ^^taO 

A  remedy  for  asthmatic  and  bronchial  affections. 
Bronchial  phthisis,  with  night  sweats  and  emacia- 
tion. Asthma  relieved  by  expectoration.  Cough 
after  influenza. 

.Head.^ — Dizz>%  feels  intoxicated.  Pressure  out- 
wards ;  wo  rse ,  occi  put .  Pa  in  in  ears .  Cory  za ,  B  um  - 
ing  in  throat,     Cory^a  with  disss^iness  and  sneedng. 

Respiratory, — Wheezing;  asthma,  with  coryza 
and  mu4-ous  secreiians.  Dull  pain  in  right  lung. 
Burning  in  fauces. 

Male, — Sore,  dragging  in  testicles,  could  not  bear 
any  pressure ;    better  gentle  support. 

Relationship,  —Compare ;  Grind. ;  A  ral . ;  Ettcalyp. ; 
I  pec. 

Dose* — Tincture  and  first  attenuation, 

ERYNGIUM    AQUATICUM, 

,  (Button  Snake- Root,)  , 

A  remedy  for  tuinary  disorders.  Strangury*  etc., 
with  nervous  erethism.  Thuk  yellow  mmctm^  dis- 
charges,    luBuenza. 


J 


270         ERYNGIUM    AQUATICUM ^EUCALYPTUS. 

Respiratory. — Cough,  with  sense  of  constriction. 
Smarting  in  throat  and  larynx. 

Urinary. — ^Tenesmus  of  bladder  and  urethra. 
Difficiilt  and  frequent  micturition.  Pain  behind 
pubes.  Spasmodic  stricture.  Renal  colic.  [Pa- 
reira;    Calc.] 

Male. — Discharge  of  prostatic  fluid  from  slight 
causes.  Seminal  emissions  without  erections,  with 
lassitude.     [Dioscor.;  Phos.  ac.] 

Relationship. — Compare:  Conium;  Cannab.;  Diosc. 
Ocim.;  Cletnat. 

Dose. — ^Tincture,  to  third  potency. 

EUCALYPTUS. 
(Blue  Gum-Tree.) 

A  remedy  with  marked  effects  on  catarrhal  proc- 
esses, malaria,  and  intestinal  disturbance.  Influ- 
enza. Fevers  of  a  relapsing  character.  Produces 
diuresis  and  great  increase  of  urea. 

Head. — Exhilaration.  Desire  for  exercise.  Dull 
congestive  headache.  Coryza;  sore  throat.  Eyes 
smart  and  burn. 

Nose. — Stuffed-tip  sensation;  thin,  watery  coryza; 
tightness  across  bridge.  Chronic  catarrhal,  purulent 
and  fetid  discharge. 

Throat. — Relaxed,  aphthous  condition  of  mouth 
and  throat.  Excessive  secretion  of  saliva.  Bums, 
feels  full.      Constant  sensation  of  phlegm  in  throat. 

Stomach. — Slow  digestion.  Much  fetid  gas.  Beat- 
ing and  goneness.     Spleen  hard  and  contracted. 

Abdomen. — Aching  in  lower  part.  Dysentery, 
with  rectal  heat;    tenesmus;    haemorrhage.      Diar- 


EucALypTOS,  371 


lo^oSa;  stools  thin^  watery,  preceded  by  sharp  pains. 
Typhoid  diarrhoea. 

Urinary. — Bladder  feels  lo^  of  expulsive  force* 
Burning  and  tenesmus;  catarrh  of  bladder;  diuresis; 
urethral  caruncle. 

Respiratory. — Asthma,  with  great  dyspnoea  and 
palpitation  Moist  asthma.  Expectoration  white, 
thick  mucus.  Broncljitis  in  the  aged.  Bronchor- 
rhoea*  IBals.  Peru.]  Profuse  expectoration  of  of- 
fensive muco-pus. 

Female. — Leucorrhoeaj  acrid,  fetki.  Ulcer  around 
orifice  of  urethra* 

Extremities. — Rheumatic  pains;  worse  at  night, 
walking  or  carrying  anything.  StifF^  weary  sensa- 
tion. Pricking  sensatimtj  foUo-wed  by  painful  aching. 
Nodular  swellings  over  metacarpal  and  metatarsal 
joints. 

Skin.— <3f!andular  enlargements  and  nodular  swell- 
ing over  joints.     Foul  and  indolent  ulcers. 

Fever. — Elevation  of  temperature.     Typhoid. 

Relationships — Compare :  Eucalyptol  (depresses 
temperature  of  healthy  body  more  than  Quinine; 
acts  on  kidneys  like  Terebintha):  Hydrast.;  Kali 
suiph .     Encalyptu  s  neu  t  rahzes  i  11  effect  s  of  Strych  nin , 

Dose-— Tincture,  and  lower  potencies,  Abo  Oil 
of  Eucalyptus,  in  five-drop  doses.  Locally,  in  ca- 
tarrhal affections,  especially  when  of  a  suppurating 
or  putrid  nature. 


2  72  EUGENIA  JAMBOS BUONTMUS.r 

EUGENIA    JAMBOS. 

(Rose-Apple.) 

Acne,  simple  and  indurated.  The  pimples  are 
painful  for  some  distance  around.  Acne  rosacea. 
Nausea;  better  smoking.     Comedones. 

Head. — Headache,  as  if  a  board  were  lying  on 
right  side.     Talkative.      Hot' lachrytnation. 

Extremities. — Nightly  cramp  in  soles  of  feet. 
[Cupr.;  Zing.]     Skin  cracks  about  toes. 

Relationship. — Compare:    Antim,;  Berb.  aquif. 

EUONYMUS    ATROPURPUREUS. 

(Wahoo.) 

Has  been  used  in  headaches,  chronic  catarrh,  dys- 
pepsia, and  albuminuria.  Has  a  positive  action  on 
the  liver,  increasing  the  secretion  of  bile. 

Head. — Bilious  headache;  coated  tongue,  bad 
taste,  constipation.  Vertigo  and  obscure  vision 
and  gastric  derangement  associated  with  albumi- 
nuria. 

Stool. — Constipation,  with  haemorrhoids  and  se- 
vere backache.  Diarrhoea;  stools  variable  and  pro- 
fuse, bloody. 

Abdomen. — Pain  about  umbiHcal  region. 

Relationship. — Podophyl. ;  Ammon.  pic. ;  Chel,  Eu- 
onymin  i  x  trit.  for  albuminuria. 

Dose. — Tincture  and  lower  attenuations. 


EtJPATOR.    AKOM. EUPATOR    PERF.  273 

EUPATORIUM    AROHATICUM. 

(Pool-Root) 

Nervous  erethism ;  restlessness  and  morbid  watch- 
fulness* Hysteria  and  chorea*  Low  fevers,  with 
pxtreme  restlessness.  Aphthous  disease^  Safe  mp- 
^les.  Sore  mouth  in  infants.  Vomiting  of  bile, 
|jain  in  stomach,  headache,  and  fever. 

Relationship, —  Hyosc;  Passiflor.;  Hydr.  mur. 

Dose, — Tincture,  locally,  m  sore  tnouth  and  sore 
jiipples.     Internally,  tincture  to  third  attenuation, 

^  EUPATORIUM    PERFOLIATUM. 

^^^  (Thorough  wort.) 

Known  as  "Bone -set/*  from  the  prompt  manner  in 
which  it  relieves  pain  in  limbs  and  muscles  that  ac- 
companies  some  forms  of  febrile  disease,  like  mala- 
ria and  influenza.  Eupatorium  acts  principally  up- 
on the  gastrO'hejmtic  organs  and  bronchial  mucous 
membranes.  It  is  a  boon  in  miasmatic  districts, 
klong  rivers,  marshes,  etc.,  and  in  aU  conditions 
Where  there  is  a  great  deal  of  hone-pain.  Cachexia 
from  old  chronic  biUous  intermittents.  Worn-out 
constitutions  from  inebriety.  Sluggishness  of  all 
organs  and  functions.  Bone -pa  ins,  general  and  se- 
vere. Soreness.  Marked  periodicity.  [4r5.;  Chi- 
ma;  Cedton.^ 

i  Head. — -Throbbing  pain.  Pressttre  as  if  a  cap  of 
lead  pressed  over  the  whole  skull.  Vertig^o;  sensa- 
tion of  falling  to  left.  Vomiting  of  bile.  Top  and 
jback  of  headj  with  pain  and  soreness  of  eyeballs. 
Periodical  headache,  every  third  and  seventh  day. 
^Occipilal  pain  after  lying  down^  wii/i  sense  of  weight. 


t 


274  EUPATORltJM   PBRFOUATUM. 

Stomacli. — Tongue  yellow.  Taste  bitter.  He- 
patic reg:ion  sore.  Great  thirst.  Yomiting  ai'd 
ptiTging  of  bile,  of  green  liquid,  several  quarts  at  a 
time.  Vomiting  preceded  by  thirst.  Hiccough, 
[Sulph.  ac,;  Hydrocy.  ac^}     Avoids  tight  clothing. 

StooL — ^Frequent,  green,  watery.  Cnimpti,  Con- 
stipated, with  sore  liven 

Respiratory. — Coryza,  with  sneeKing.  Hoarsemss 
and  cough,  with  sore7tess  in  chest;  must  support  it. 
Influenza,  with  great  soreness  of  muscles  and  bones- 
Chronic  loose  cough,  chest  sore;  worse  at  nigkl> 
Cough  relieved  by  getting  on  hands  and  knees. 

Fever.— Per  splr  sit  ion  relieves  all  symptoms  ex- 
cept headache.  Chill  between  7  and  g  a.  m..  pre- 
ceded by  thirsty  ufitlt  great  sorem^ss  and  aching  of  btmes. 
Nausea ;  vomiting  of  bile  at  close  of  chill  or  hot  stage; 
throbbing  headache.  Knows  chill  is  coming  on  be- 
cause he  cannot  drink  enough. 

EKtremities. — Aching  pain  in  back.  Aching  «« 
bones  of  extremities  with  soreness  of  flesh.  Aching 
in  arms  and  u^ists.  Gouty  sorene^^  and  inflamed 
nodosities  of  joints,  associated  with  headache.  Drop 
sical  swelling. 

Modalities* — Worse,  periodically.  Better,  by  con- 
versation, by  getting  on  hands  and  knees. 

Relationship, — Compare:  Bryon.;  Sepia;  ATjsfr. 
muf.;  Chtlidon.  Nyctanthes  arbor-trislis  (bilious  it- 
vet;  insatiable  thirst;  bitter  vomiting  at  close  of 
chill);  also  constipation  of  children  [CoUinsan]. 

Dose. — ^Tincture,  to  sixth  atteaoation. 


EUPATOR.    PURH. — ^EUPHORB.    LATH.  275 


f 

^B  EUPATORIUM    PURPUREUM.  ^ 

I  (Queen  o|  ttie  Meadow.) 

.  Albuminuria^  diabetes^  strangury,  irriiabh  bladder, 
enlarged  prostate  are  a  special  field  for  this  remedy. 
Excellent  in  renal  dropsy.     Chills  and  pains  run  up- 

,  wards.     Impotency  and  sterility.     Homesickness. 

II  Urmary. — Deep  dull  pain  in  kidneys.  Burning 
in  bladder  and  urethra  on  urinating.      Insufficient 

'  flow;    milky.     Strangury,    dj-suria.         H£ematuria, 
'  Constant  desire;  bladder  feels  full.     Dysuria.      Ves- 
ical    irrituhiliiy    in     wojnen.     Diabetes     insipidus. 
[Code^n.] 

Back. — Weight  and  heaviness  in  loins  and  back. 
Female, — Pain    around    left    ovary.     Threatened 
|i  abortion.     External  genitals  feel  as  though  wet. 
Fever, — No  thirst  during  chill,  but  much  frontal 
headache.     Chill  commences  in  back.     Violent  shak- 
ing, with  comparatively  little  coldness.     Bone-pains. 
Relation  ship, — Compare:      Senecio;  Cannah^  sat.; 
Melon.:  Phos.  ac;  Triiicum;  Epigea. 
Dose,— First  potency. 

^-  EUPHORBIA    LATHYRIS,  ■ 

^V'  (Gopher-Plant.)  9 

The  symptoms  point  to  its  use  in  erysipelas,  poi* 
'  son-oak,  whooping-cough. 

Mmd,— Delirium  and  hallucinations.  Stupor; 
I  coma. 

Eyes, — Almost  closed  from  mdefna  of  lids. 

Hose,— End  of  nose  very  much  inflamed  ^yX^x- 


276  EUPHOkBIA    LATHYRIB, 

nally.     Very  sensitivs  and  (Edematous  mucous  mem- 
branes, With  ulceration- 

Face, — At  first  ruddy  glow  on  cheeks,  afterwards 
deathlike  pallor.  Cold  perspiration  in  beads  on 
forehead.  Red,  puffed,  and  in  spots  suppiiratiog. 
Erythema,  beginning  on  face,  gradually  extending 
into  the  hairy  parts,  and  then  spreading  over  whole 
body,  taking  eight  days  to  do  so;  eruption  glossal 
rough,  oedematousj  with  burning  and  srnarting;  ag- 
gravated by  touch  and  cold  air;  amehorated  by  close 
room  and  sweet-oil  applications.  Fine  branlike  des- 
quama  tio  n .  Sensation  o  f  cobwebs  *  Stinging,  smart- 
ing, and  burning  of  face  when  touched. 

Mouth. — Tongue  coated  ^  slimy;  acrid  taste. 
Breath  cold,  musty  odor. 

Stomach. — Nausea  and  vomiting  of  copious  dsAt 
water  J  irttermingled  with  white  gelatinous  lumps. 

StooL— Drastic  purgation  from  large  doses ;  miM 
laxative  condition  from  smaller  doses;  followed  sev- 
eral weeks  afterwards  by  obstinate  constipatiott 
Stools  of  white,  transparent  gelatinous  mucus ;  later 
mingled  with  blood. 

Urine.— Copious  flow  of  urine. 

Male. — ^Infiammation  of  serot«m,  resulting  m 
deep  acrid  ulcers,  with  intense  itching  and  burning; 
worse,  touching  the  parts  from  washing. 

Respiration, — Labored  breathing.  Breath  coid, 
musty  odor.  Cough ;  first,  a  hacking,  as  from  inha' 
lation  of  sulphur ;  later  on,  paroxysmal,  like  whoop* 
ing-congh,  in  regular  paroxysms,  ending  in  diarrhoea 
and  vomiting,  with  sleepiness  between  each  parox- 
ysm. 


BUPHQRB.    LAT. EUPHORBIUM.  377 


I     Hearts — Weak  and  fluttering  heart-acticm.     Pulse 
I  lao,  full,  boundingi  somewhat  irregular.  i 

f      Sleep*— Restlessness  at  night.     Sleep  disturbed; 
aimous  dreams. 

Fe ver .■ — ^Tem pera t ure  i n c reased ,  Body  bat hed  in 
profuse  perspiration T  standing  out  like  beads  on 
forehead;  later,  cold,  clammy  perspiration  on  fore- 
heads 

,  Skin. — Erythema,  beginning  on  uncovered  parts 
i  On  face  and  spreading  over  whole  body ;  glossy,  rough, 
(Bdematoiis«  with  burning  and  smarting.  Fine  bran- 
like  desquamation  following  in  the  wake  of  the 
er^^hema.  Eruption  rough,  scaly,  smartingj  and 
burning;  when  scratched  fornis  deep  ragged  ulcers; 
skin  where  ulcerated  remains  red. 

Modalities. — Worse ^  touch  and  cold  air;  better, 
close  room  and  sweet-oil  application, 

Heiadonship.— Antidotcd  by  Kit  us  tox,  (skin 
symptoms);  Veratr^  nib.  ( vomiting ,  purging,  cough 
and  coma). 

Dose. — Tliird  to  thirtieth  potency. 

EUPHORBItJlT. 
(Spurge — The  resinous  juice  of  Euphorhia  resiniferaj 

Burning  pain ^ in  bones.  Pains  in  limbs  and  para- 
lytic weakness  in  the  joints.  Important  respiratory 
and  skin  symptoms.  Pains  of  cancer.  Ever%^thing 
appears  larger  than  it  really  is. 

Head. — Acute  mania*  Violent  pressi^'C  head* 
Ache. 

Pfi^e* — ^Erysipelas;   yellow    blisters.     Bumia^  m 


3  7^  BUPHORBIUM. 

cheeks ;  worse,  left.     Eyes  inflamed  and  agglutinated 
in  morning.     Red  swelling  of  cheeks. 

Stomach.— Great  hunger,  Sialorrhoea  (p'ofuse 
salty  saliva).     Waterbrash.     Thirst  for  cold  drinks. 

Abdomen. — Sunken;  spasmodic  flatulent  colic- 
Stools  fermented,  profuse,  clayey.     Feels  hollow. 

Respiratory. — Breathing  oppressed,  as  if  cb^t 
were  not  wide  enou^^h.  Spasmodic  dry  cough,  day 
and  night  p  with  as^thma.  Violent  fluent  corf&i. 
with  burning  and  cough.  Constant  cough,  with 
stitches  from  pit  of  stomach  to  sides  of  chest- 
Croup;  dry  hollow  cough.  Warm  feeling  in  cbest, 
as  if  hot  food  had  been  swallowed, 

Extremides. — Paralytic  pains.  Pain  in  hip-joiii^ 
and  coccyx. 

Skin, — Erysipelatous  inflammation,  especially  ^f 
the  cheek.  Biting  and  stinging,  red,  swollen.  Ve- 
sicular erysipelas.  Old  torpid  ulcers,  pustules;  fiJ»" 
^rene.     [Eckinac.;  Secale.] 

Relationship, -^Compare:  Eitpk&rbia  antygdaloi- 
des — Wood  Sparge  (in  pain  in  antrum,  illusion  ot 
smell,  odor  of  mice.  Sense  of  taste  blunted.  Diar* 
rhoea;  stools  difficult,  with  painful  anal  spasm). 

Eupkorbm  corolhta — Large  Flowering  Spurge  (in 
gastro -enteric  disturbance,  with  deathly  nausea, 
vomiting  of  food,  water,  and  mucus,  and  copioiis 
evacuations H  Attacks  recur  after'  short  intennii- 
sions) . 

Euphorbia  keterodoxa — ^Alveloi  {alleviates  the 
burning  pains  of  cancer). 

Euphorbia  pilulifera:  (Humid  asthma.  hay-fevcTt 
and  bronchitis.  Urethritis*  with  intense  pain  on 
urinating,   and   much    urging.    Acrid   leucorrbcea' 


EUPHORBIUM- — EUPHRASIA.  ayg 

worse  least  movement.  Haemorrhages  from,  sun- 
stroke and  traumatism). 

Compare,  also:  Croton;  Jatropha;  Colckic: 
Yucca. 

Antidotes:    Cam  ph.;  Opt  ant. 

Dose. — ^Third  to  sixth  potency. 


m         Mai 
brane 


EUPHRASIA. 

(Eyebright)  ' 

Manifests  itself  In  inflaming  the  conjunctival  mera* 
especially,  producing  profuse  lachrymation. 
Patient  is  better  in  open  air.  Catarrhal  affections 
ol  mucous  membranes,  especially  of  eyes  and  nose, 
Profuse  acrid  lachrymation  and  bland  coryza; 
worse,  evening. 

Head. — Bursting  headache  with  dazzling  of  eyes. 
Catarrhal  headache  wit'T  profuse  discharge  from  eyes 
and  nose. 

Ifose. — Profuse  ftuent  corys^^  with  violent  cough 
and  abundant  e?cpectoration. 

Eyes. — Catarrhal  conjunctivitis;  discharge  of  ac* 
rid  matter.  The  eyes  water  all  the  time.  Acrid  lach- 
rymation; bland  coryza.  [Opposite:  Cepa.]  Burn- 
ing and  swelling  of  the  lids.  Frequent  incUaation  to 
blink.  Free  discharge  of  acrid  matter.  Sticky  tnu- 
cus  on  cornea;  must  wink  to  remove  it.  Pressure 
in  eyes.  Little  blisters  on  cornea.  Opacities. 
Rlieumatic  iritis*     Ptosis.     [Gels.;  Caust.] 

F&ce, — Redness  and  heat  of  cheeks.  Stiffness  of 
upper  Hp. 

Stomach*^ Vomiting  from  havvkmg  mucus.  Nau* 
sea  iind  bit  I  em  ess  after  smoking. 


28o  EUPHRASIA EUPION. 

Rectum. — Dysentery.  Prolapse  ani.  Pressure 
down  in  anus  when  sitting. 

Female. — Menses  painful;  flow  lasts  only  an  hour 
or  day;  late,  scanty,  short.  Amenorrhaeaj  with  oph- 
thalmia. 

Male. — Spasmodic  retraction  of  genitals,  with 
pressure  above  pubic  bone.  Condyloma  and  sycotic 
excrescences.     Prostatitis. 

Respiratory. — Frequent  yawning  when  walking 
in  open  air.  Profuse  fluent  coryza  in  morning,  with 
much  cough  and  expectoration.  Influenza.  Gags 
when  clearing  the  throat  in  morning.  Whooping- 
cough  only  in  daytime,  with  profuse  lacluymation. 

Skin. — First  stage  of  measles;  eye  sjrmptoms 
marked.     Consequences  of  external  injuries. 

Sleep. — Yawning  when  walking  in  open  air. 
Sleepy  during  day. 

Fever. — Chilly  and  cold.  Sweat  mostly  on  chest 
at  night  during  sleep. 

Modalities. — Worse,  in  evening,  indoors,  warmth; 
south  winds;  from  hght.  Better,  from  coffee,  in 
dark. 

Relationship. — ^Antidotes:  Camph.;  Puis.  Com- 
pare: Hydro phyllum  (catarrhal  inflammation  of 
eyes;  also  for  effects  of  Poison-Oak);  Cepa;  Ars.; 
Gels.;  Kali  hyd.;  Sabadill. 

Dose. — Third  to  sixth  potency. 

EUPION. 

(Wood-tar  distillation.) 

Marked  female  symptoms,  and  backache  A  rem- 
edy for  uterine  displacements.       Pain  in  back,  fol- 


EUPION— PAGOPYRUM*  581 

lowed  by  a  bland  leuoorrboea.  Menses  too  early  and 
copious;  flow  thin.  Int^ns0  sufe<u  from  slightest  ex- 
ertion.  Disgusting  dreams.  Sensation,  as  if  whole 
body  were  made  of  jelly. 

Head^ — Vertigo;  everything  turns  rourtd  on  sit- 
ting up  in  bed.  Heat  at  vertex ;  stitches  from  vertex 
down  liitibs  into  abdomen  and  genitals.  Sore,  pain- 
ful spots  on  head.     Painful  pulsation  in  forehead. 

Female*— Burning  in  right  ovary*  Gushing  htiv- 
CQrrkcea.  Chrortic  tubal  disease.  Uterine  flexions, 
Menses  too  early  and  copious.  During  menses,  ir- 
ritable and  distnchned  to  talk;  burning  and  stitches 
in  chest  and  heart.  After  menses,  yellow  kucorrhcea, 
with  sever e  backache.  When  pain  in  back  ceases,  the 
discharge  gushes  out.  Sore  pain  between  labia  dur- 
ing urination.     Pruritus  pudendi;  labia  swollen. 

Back. — Sacrum  pains,  as  if  broken.  Severe  back- 
ache; must  lean  against  something  for  support. 
Pains  extend  into  pelvis . 

ReJationship,— K"re<J5a/,;  Graph,;  Ladi. 

Dose. — Third  potency. 

FAGOPYR0M, 
(Buckwheat.) 

Its  action  on  the  skin,  producing  pruritus,  is  very 
marked.     Visible  pulsation  of  arteries. 

Head,— Depressed  and  irritable.  Itching  of  eyes 
and  ears.  Pains  deep  in  head*  iinih  upward  pressure. 
Itching  in  and  around  eyes  and  ears.  Head  hot» 
better  bending  backward,  with  tired  neck. 

Stomach.— Eructations  o£  scalding  hot  acid,  wa- 
ter}^ substance;  better,  coffee.  Bad  taste  In  the 
morning-     Persistent  morning  nausea* 


1 


282  FAGOPYRUM FEL   TAURI FER.    lOD. 

Female. — Pruritus  vulvce,  wUh  yellow  leucorrkoBa; 
worse,  rest.     Burning  in  right  ovary. 

Extremities. — Stiffness  and  bruised  sensation  in 
the  muscles  of  the  neck,  with  sensation  as  if  nape 
of  neck  could  not  support  head.  Pain  in  shoulder, 
with  pain  along  fingers.  Vehement  itching  in  arms 
and  legs;  worse  towards  evening.  Feet  numb  and 
pricking. 

Skin. — Itching.  Sore  red  blotches.  Blind  boik. 
Itching  of  knees  and  elbows  and  hairy  portions. 
Worse  in  afternoon.     Itching  of  hands  deep  in 

Relationship. — Compare :  Dolichos;  Bovista;  Urtica. 

Dose. — Third  potency. 

FEL   TAURI. 
(Ox-Gall.) 

Disordered  digestion,  diarrhoea,  and  pain  in  nape 
of  neck  are  among  its  chief  symptoms.  Biliary 
calculi. 

Stomach. — Eructations,  gurgling  in  stomach  and 
epigastric  region.  Violent  peristaltic  movements. 
Tendency  to  sleep  after  eating. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Merc,  dulc.;  Cholesterin. 

Dose. — Lower  triturations. 

FERRUM    lODATTJM. 

(Iodide  of  Iron.) 

Scrofulous  affections,  glandular  enlargements,  and 
tumors  call  for  this  remedy.  Crops  of  boils.  Acute 
nephritis  following  eruptive  diseases.  Uterine  dis- 
placements. 


L— Fullness^   cfv^en    A£t«r   a   lilUio    food; 

-Cottk;  dbdiarge  of  micicils  fem 

tracfaoL,  «ikI  lurya^^     Pressuf^  btfi«ftlii  $l«f^ 

Scnifalot^  sw^ttin^  of  no&t.    Quasi  ietHs  t»p« 

Urinary .^Urine  dark.        Cr^miim^   sfnsati^m   im 
ami  Twctmm,     Sensatiou   as   if   vxnne   Wttra 
I  at  fossa  navicularis.     Difficulty  iu  n^tiiluiug 


i  sittings  f€tlimg  as  ^  som^ikin^  pnm$d 
upmard  im  wagina.    Much  bearing-down.       Mensos 
suppressed.     Itching   iind    soreness   of    vv»lv;i    iind 
vagina, 
Dofie, — Third  trituration. 


FERRUM    METALLICUM. 

(IronO 

Best  adapted  to  young  weakly  persons,  anusnxiG 
and  chlorotic.with  pseudo-plethora » who  flush  easily  ; 
cold  extremities;  oversensitive;  worse  afler  tiny 
active  effort* 

Bfind. — Irritability.  Slight  noises  unl>t5nnibb. 
Excited  from  slightest  opposition. 

Head. ^Vertigo  on  seeing  (lowing  water.  Sting- 
ing headache.  Ringing  in  cars  before  mentie*. 
Hammtring,  pulsiiting,  congestive  headacht;;  puin 
extends  to  teeth,  with  cold  extremities.  Pain  in  back 
of  head,  with  roaring  in  neck. 

Face, — Fiery-red  and  flushed  from  Uast  pmn,  *mo' 
lian.  or  exertion.  Red  parts  b^otm  ivhile,  blood le»*ii 
and  puffy* 


r 


aS4  FERRUM    METAL  LI  CUM. 

KoBC, — .Mucous  membrane  relaxed,  boggy,  anae- 
mic, pale. 

Mauth. — Pain  in  teeth;  relieved  by  ice-cold  water. 
Earthy,  pasty  taste,  like  rotten  eggs. 

Stomach. —  Voracious  appetite,  or  absolute  loss  of 
appetite.  Loathing  of  ^our  things.  Attempts  to  eat 
bring  on  diarrhoea.  Sfnls  up  food  by  the  fHoulMfiiL 
[Phos.\  Eructation  of  food  after  eating,  without 
nausea.  Nausea  and  vomiting  after  eating.  Vom- 
iting tmmediately  after  eating.  Vomiting  after  mid- 
night. Intolerance  of  eggs.  Distention  and  pressure 
bx  the  stomach  after  eating:  Heat  and  burning  in 
stomach.  Soreness  of  abdominal  walls.  Flatulent 
dyspepsia.     [Carbo;  Arg.  nit.] 

StooL — Undigested,  at  night,  while  eating  or 
drinkingp  painless.  Ineffectual  urging;  stool  hard, 
followed  by  backaclie  or  cramping  pain  in  rectum; 
prolapsus  recti;  itching  of  anus,  especially  young 
children. 

Urine. — Involuntary;  worse  daytime.  Tickling 
in  urethra t  extending  to  bladder. 

Female. — Menses  remit  a  day  or  two,  and  then 
return.  Discharge  of  long  pieces  from  uterus. 
Women  who  are  weak,  delicate,  chlorotic,  yet  have  a 
fiery-red  face.  Menses  too  early,  too  profuse,  last 
too  long;  pals,  watery ►  Sensitive  vagina.  Ten- 
dency to  abortion* 

Respiratory. — Chest  oppressed;  breathing  difficult. 
Surging  of  blood  to  chest.  Hoarseness.  Cough  dry, 
spasmodic.     Haemoptysis,     [MillefoL] 

Heart. — Palpitations;  worse,  movement.  Sense 
af  oppression.  Anaemic  murmur.  Pwlse  fidl,  but 
&/f  and  yielding;  also,  small  and  ijueafe. 


FERRUM   METALUCUM.  2S5 

BictTBinitiei. — Rheumatism  of  the  shoulder.  Drop- 
sy after  loss  of  vital  fluids.  Lumbago;  better,  slow 
walking.     Pain  in  hip-joint,  tibia,  soles,  and  heeL 

Skin.— Pale;  flushes  readily;  pits  on  pressure. 

Fever.— ^jetieral  coldness  of  extremities;  head  and 
face  hot.  Heat  in  palms  and  soles.  Profuse,  debili- 
tating sweat. 

McNialities. —  Better,  walking  slowly  about.  Worsv\ 
while  sweating;  at  night;  while  sitting  still,  After 
cold  washing  and  overheating. 

RelationBhip, — Antidotes:  Ars.;   Hep. 

Complementary:  Chin.;  Alwm.  j 

Compare : 

Fertum  acHicum  (epistaxis ;  especially  adapted  to 
thin,  pale,  weak  children  who  grow  mpidly  and  are 
easily  exhausted;  varices  of  the  feet;  copious  expec- 
toration of  greenish  pus ;  asthma ;  worse,  sitting  still 
and  lying;  phthisis,  constant  cough,  vomiting  of  food 
after  eating,  hemoptysis), 

Ferrum  arsenicum  (enlarged  spleen^  with  fever; 
undigested  stool;  albuminuria). 

Ferrum    hrmnc^um    (sticky,    excoriating    leucor- 
.  rhcea;    uterus    heavy    and    prolapsed;    scalp    feels 
numb), 

Fwrwm  cyanatum  (neuroses,  with  irritable  weak- 
ness and  hypersensitiveness,  especially  of  a  periodi- 
cal character ;  epilepsy;  cardialgia,  with  nausea,  flatu- 
lence, constipation,  alternating  with  diarrhoea;  cho- 
rea), 

FffTttim  magneiicum  (small  warts  on  hands). 

Ferrutn  muriatictim  (very  dark,  watery  stools; 
diphtheria;  phlegmonous  ery^sipelas;  pyelitis;  hem- 
optysis of  dark,  clotty  blood :  dyspareunia;  \i^\n  \t\ 
rigkJ  shoulder t  right  elbow,  and  marked  tei 


I 


2^6 


FERRUM    METAL, FERRUM    PHOS. 


tramps  and  round  red  spots  on  cheeks  j  bright-red 
crystals  in  urine). 

Pcrriim  sulphuricum  (pain  in  gall-bladder;  tooth- 
ache); Ferrum  pernttricmn  (cough ^  with  florid  com- 
plexion); Ferrum  tartaricum  (cardialgia;  heat  at 
cardiac  oriirce  of  stomach). 

Compare^  also:  Graph.;  M^ngan.;  Cupr, 
Dose. — States  of  debility  where  the  blood  is  poor 
in  hematin  require  mati^rial  doses;  plethoric,  hseffl- 
orrhagic  conditions  call  for  small  doses,  from  the 
second  to  the  sixth  potency. 


FERRUM    PHOSPHORICUM. 
(Phosphate  of  Iron.) 

The  remedy  for  hrst  stage  of  all  febrile  disturb- 
ances and  inflammations  before  exudation  sets  uJi 
especially  for  catarrhal  afl^ections  of  the  respiratory 
tract.  In  pale,  anaemic  subjects^  with  violent  local 
congestions.    Haemorrhages,  bright,  from  any  orificie 

Head. — Soreness  to  touch,  cold,  noise,  jar.  Rtish 
of  blood  to  head.  10  effects  of  sun -heat.  Tb  rob- 
bing sensation.     Vertigo. 

Byes, — Red,  inflamed,  with  burning  sensation. 
Feeling  as  of  sand  under  lids.  Hyperasmia  of  Opti€ 
disk  and  retina,  with  bliured  vision. 

Ears. — Noises.  Throbbing.  First  stage  of  OtitiS^ 
Membra na  tympani  red  and  bulging.  Acute  otitis; 
when  Bellad.  fails,  prevents  suppuration. 

Nose. — First  stage  of  colds  in  the  head,  Predis- 
position to  colds.     Epista^is;  bright  red  blood- 

Face. — Flushed ;  cheeks  sore  and  hot .  Florid  coin- 
plexion.  Facial  neuralgia ;  worse,  shaking  head  ao^ 
i-tooping. 


^s> 


L— Mtidth  tat; 


Tt< 


V}^ 


Fkst 


^tiifmt      Totsils  s«d  and  sw«llBn.     ^- 

rmmaimg&fmmdi§m^fmd     \am- 

iting  of  Isf^ht  red  Hood,     Sr^ttr  entcUgticms. 

AUooseiL — First  stage  of  peritonitis.  Hjroot- 
ri»cad».  Suxils  watan?.  IdDody,  imdige^tad.  First 
sta^e  of  d  vseELtesy,  wit^  nmch  hlood  aa  4ticl%«i:ges. 

Uxinftry.— Urine  sfnffts  wiUi  every  csoogtl*  In- 
Irritatioa  at  tiock  of  liliMlder.     Ptil'T- 


Female.— Menses  ex^err  Ujf«e  w^ks,  with  bearing- 
dowG  ficaioticm  and  pesn  cm  top  of  iiead.  Vaginjs- 
nnis.     Vagina  dry  mnd  hot. 

RcipiimtorT. — Firsi  st^^e  ti  all  (nif^mm^tt^^ry  a/- 
fi*ci$^ns.  Coiigestion  ol  liitLgs,  H^jnoptjisis.  Shorty 
painltil,  ticklinjf  cough.  CrcHip.  Hard  dry  cough, 
wtih  sore  chest.  Hoarseness.  ExpecUw<itu>m  0f  ^aF# 
blood  in  ^rnvm^mtm.    [MiUefoL] 

Heart — ^I>alpitatiofi;  pulse  rapid.  First  ^Uge  of 
cardiac  diseases. 

Extremities. — Stiff  neck.       Articular  rhtninmlmn, 

»  Crick  in  back.     Rheumatic  pain  hi  sbauUlcr,    \mnn 
»^Ktecid  to  chest  and  wnst.     Whitlow        Palmti  hot. 


. 


Hands  swollen  and  painful, 
Sleep.' — Re>stless  and  sleepless 

Night  sweats  of  anaemia. 

Fever. — Chi!l  dajly  at  i  i-.  m,      A I 

inflammatory  fevers;  first  stage. 
MolaUt*es. — Worse,    at  night  and 

touch  <  jarr  motion. 


An?iimiH  dreiunii^ 


iNlLlt  t 'lli:i1i    I 


^  u 


2S8        FERRUM  PHOS. PERRUM  PIC. 

Relationship,^ — Compare;  Ferrum  pyrophospk. 
(congestion  of  brain  and  headache  following  great 
loss  of  blood;  tarsal  cysts);  Aeon.;  Gelsetn.;  China. 

Dose,— Third  to  twelfth  potency. 

FEItRUM    PICRICUM; 
(Picrate  of  Iron,) 

Is  considered  a  great  remedy  to  complete  the  ac* 
tion  of  other  medicines.  The  symptom  that  specially 
calls  for  it  is  failure  of  the  function  of  an  organ  under 
exertion;  e.  g.^  the  voice  fails  after  public  speaking. 
Acts  best  in  da rk-h aired  patients,  plethoric,  with 
sensitive  livers.  Warts  and  epithelial  growths; 
com  with  yellowish  discoloration.  Senile  hypif' 
trophy  of  the  prostate.  Epistaxis.  Chronic  deafness 
and  tinnitus  due  to  gout.  Meatus  dry,  Pseiido- 
leucasmia. 

Ears, — Deafness  before  menses.  Crackling  in 
ears  and  low-pitched  voice.  Vascular  deafness- 
Dental  neuralgia,  radiating  towards  ears  and  eyes. 
Humming  in  ears,  as  from  telegraph  wires. 

Stomach. — Indigestion,  furred  tongue,  headache 
after  meals,  especially  in  bilious,  dark-haired  per- 
sons. 

Urinary. — Pain  along  entire  urethra.  Freqti^i^ 
micturition  at  night,  iinth  full  feeling  and  pressure  i'« 
rectum ^  Smittting  at  ne^k  of  bladder  and  penis,  [Ba- 
rosma.]     Retention  of  urine. 

Extremities, — Pain  m  right  side  of  neck  and  down 
right  arm.  Locomotor  ataxia,  ocular  stage-  Warty 
hands, 

Dose. — Second  and  tliird  trituration. 


^^^^^     FILIX    MAS FLUORICUM    AGIDUM-  389 

^^^  FILIX    MAS.  H 

^^  (MAle  Fern,)  ** 

A  remedy  for  worm  symptoms,  especially  with 
eons tipat ion.     Tapeworm.     Soporific    condition. 

Abiomen. — Bloated.  Gnawing  pain;  worse  eat- 
ing sweets*  Diarrhaea  and  vomiting.  Worm  colic, 
with  itching  of  nose^  pale  face,  blue  rings  around 
eyes.     Painless  hiccough. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Cina;  Granai.;  Kousso. 

Dose.— First  to  third  potency.  For  the  expulsion 
of  tapeworm  a  full  dose  of  J  to  i  dram  of  the  Oleo- 
resin,  fasting. 

FLUORICUM     ACIDUM.  jM 

(Hydrofluoric  AcidO 

Acts  especially  upon  lower  tissues^  and  indicated 
in  deep,  destructive  processes,  bed-sores,  ulcerations, 
varicose  veins,  and  ulcers.  Patient  is  compelled  to 
move  about  energetically.  Complaints  of  old  ag«  or 
the  prematurely  aged. 

Mind* — ^Indifference  towards  those  loved  best;  in- 
ability to  realize  responsibiUty;  buoyancy.  Mentally 
elated  and  gay. 

Head. — Alopecia.  Caries  of  skulL  Pressure  on 
I  sides  of  head  from  within  outward.  Caries  of  os- 
I sides  and  mastoid,  with  copious  discharge;  worse 
I  warmth.     [Silica;  worse  cold.]     Exostoses. 

^^H^—Sensation  a^  of  mind  blowing  ihrough  eyes, 
j  Lachrymal  fistula.  Violent  itching  of  inner  can- 
'  thus. 

,      Mouth, — Dental  fistula,  with  persistent  bloody  ^ 


290  FLUORICUM   ACIDUM FORMALIN. 

salty  discharge.  Syphilitic  ulceration  of  throat, 
which  is  very  sensitive  to  cold.  Teeth  feel  warm. 
Affects  teeth  and  bones  of  upper  jaw. 

Abdomen. — Soreness  over  liver.  Flatus  and 
eructations. 

Stool. — Burning  in  urethra.  Bilious  diarrhoea, 
with  aversion  to  coffee.  Desire  for  highly  seasoned 
food. 

Male. — Sexual  passion  and  desire  increased,  with 
erections  at  night,  during  sleep. 

Female. — Menses  copious,  frequent,  too  long. 
Ulceration  of  uterus  and  os.  Copious  and  excoriat- 
ing leucorrhoea.     Nymphomania. 

Extremities. — Inflammation  of  joints  of  fingers. 
Feeling  as  of  a  splinter  imder  nail.  Nails  crvimble. 
Caries  and  necrosis,  especially  of  long  bones. 

Skin. — Varicose  veins.  Nasvi.  Ulcers;  red  edges 
and  vesicles.  Decubitus;  worse,  warmth.  Itching 
of  cicatrices.  Feels  as  if  bviming  vapor  were  emitted 
from  pores.  Itching,  especially  of  the  orifices.  Syphi- 
litic tubercles.  Dropsy  of  limbs  in  old,  feeble  con- 
stitutions. 

Relationship. — Compare :  Thiosinaminum  (action 
on  cicatricial  tissue,  adhesions,  strictures,  tumors); 
Calc.  fluor.;  Silica. 

Dose. — Sixth  to  thirtieth  potency. 

FORMALIN. 

(Aqueous  Solution  (35  per  cent.)  of  Formaldehyde 
Gas.) 

Is  a  powerful  disinfectant  and  deodorant ;  prevents 
growth  and  kills  almost  any  pathogenic  micro  organ- 


FORMALlN\ 


391 


km.  It  seems  to  have  the  peculiar  property  of  eat- 
ing into  maUgrtant  tumors,  leaving  the  surromading 
bealt^y  tissue  uncharred  and  unchanged.  A  plug 
of  cotton  wool  soaked  m  a  20-per  cent,  solution  of 
Formaldehyde  and  applied  for  a  few  hours  will  pro- 
duce a  necrotic  slough,  which  must  be  scraped  away 
before  the  next  application^  otherwise  it  hardens. 

Formalin  in  hot  water  as  vapor  most  valttabk  ikef- 
apetitie  agent  in  pertussin,  in  phthisis,  in  catarrhal 
affections  of  upper  air-pas^ges. 

Hind*^ — Forgetfidness.     Anxiety* 

Head*— Cory za ■  eyes  water;  vertigo^ 

Houth, — -Ptyalism,  thick  saliva;  loss  of  taste. 

Stomach.^Food  feels  as  if  it  were  a  ball  in  stom- 
ach.    Buming  in  mouth  and  stonaacb. 

AbdomeD.^Intense  urging  to  stool;  watery  stools. 

Urinary* — Anuria;  albuminous  urine. 

Respiratoiy. — Dyspncea.  Laryngismus  stridulus. 
Wkaoping-cougk . 

Fever. — Chills  in  forenoon,  followed  by  long  fever* 
Bones  ache  during  whole  paroxysm.  During  fever 
forgets  where  he  was. 

Skin. — Puckt^rs  skin  like  leather;  wrinkles;  scales 
off*  Eczema  in  iieighborhood  of  wound.  Damp 
sweat  most  marked  on  right  upper  extremity. 

Relationship* — Antidote:  Anm%onia  water.  Com- 
pare: Amntimiiim  formiildekyde,  known  eommer* 
cially  as  Cysiogen.  Dose,  ^ve  to  seven  grains  two 
to  four  times  daily,  dissolved  in  hot  water,  after 
meals.  Prevents  the  decomposition  of  urine  in  the 
bladder,  kidneys,  and  ureters.  Turbid  \\dx\fe  t^^- 
derad  cJear  and  n  on -irritating;    pbospbatW  4fe"^«(^^H» 


292  FOH-MAUN^ FORMICA    RUFA, 

dissolved,  and  growth  of  pyogenic  bacteria  arrested. 
Also,    Vrotropm.  1 

Dose. — As  vapor  in  hot  water  in  respiratory  af- 
fections;   1%   spray,   otherwise   3X   potency- 


FORMICA    RUFA. 

(Crushed  Live  Ants.) 

Gout  and  articular  rheuxnatism;  pains  worse,  mo- 
tion; better,  pressure.  Right  side  most  affected. 
Tuberculosis T  carcinoma,  and  lupus;  chronic  nephri- 
tis.    Complaints  from  overlifting*     Apoplectic  dis- 


Head. — Brain  feels  too  heavy  and  large.  Sensa- 
tion as  if  a  bubble  burst  in  forehead.  Forgetful  in 
the  evening.     Exhilarated. 

Stomach. — ^^Constant  pressure  at  the  cardiac  end 
of  the  stomach,  and  a  burning  pain  there.  Nausea* 
with  headache,  and  vomiting  of  yellowish,  bitter  mu- 
cus.    Pains  shift  from  stomach  to  vertex. 

Abdomen  and  StooL^ln  the  morning  difficult 
passages  of  small  quantities  of  flatus;  afterwards 
diairhoea-like  urging  in  the  rectum.  Pain  in  bowels 
before  stool.  Severe  pain  in  the  bowels,  with  shud- 
dering chilUness.     Constriction  in  the  anus. 

Urine. — Bloody,  albtuoainous,  with  much  urging. 

Respiratory.-^Hoarseness  with  dry  sore  throat; 
cough  worse  at  night,  with  aching  in  forehead  and 
constrictive  pain  in  chest;  pleuritic  pains. 

Sexual,^ — Seminal  emissions;  weakness.  * 'Sloth- 
ful to  venery/* 

Eitremities. — Rheumatic  pains;  stiff  and  con- 
tmct^  joints.     Muscles  feel  strained  and  torn  from 


FORMIC.4 FRAfTARTA- — FRANCISCEA*  2Q?^ 

their  attacliment.  Weakness  of  lower  exiremities. 
Pain  ill  hips.  Rke^iintatism  cofnes  on  wiik  suddenness 
and  restlessness.     Sweat  does  not  relieve- 

Sldn. — Redf  ticking  and  burning.  Nettle-raah. 
Nodes  around  joints.      [Amman,  phos] 

Modalities. — Worse,  cold  and  cold  washing,  before 
a  snowstorm.  BeUer,  warmth,  pressure,  rubbing. 
Combing  hair. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Rhus;  Dukam.:  Ur- 
tica;  Calc.  fiuor*;  Fortnu:  ac, 

Pose^^Sixth  to  thirtieth  attenuation. 


I 


FRAGARIA. 

(Wood-Strawberry , ) 

Chilblains;  worse  during  hot  weather.  Lack  of 
mammary  secretion. 

Mouth. — Tongue  swolien;  strawberry  tongue. 

Skin. — -  Urticaria^hetechiB,)  artd erysipelatous  erup- 
tions.    Swelhng  of  whole  body. 

Relationship,— Compare :  Apis;  Galega  {increases 
the  quantity  and  quality  of  the  milk  in  nursing 
women,  also  the  appetite). 

FRAJJCISCEA. 

(Manaca,) 

A  Brazilian  remedy  for  sypbihs  and  rheumatism. 
Great  heat  al)  over  body  and  much  aching.  Sweat 
relieves* 

Head. — Aches  like  a  band  around  head.  Pain  iu 
back  of  head  and  spine.    [Cmicif,} 


9g4  FRAXINITS— FUCUS    VES. GALIUM. 

FRAXIKUS    AHERICAHA. 
(White  Ash.) 

Enlargement  of  uterus.  Subinvolution  and  pro- 
lapse. Uterine  tumors,  with  bearing -down  sensa- 
tions. Fever  sores  on  lips.  Cramps  in  feet.  Cold 
creeping  and  hot  flashes. 

Head. — Throbbing  pain  in  back  uf  head.  De- 
pression^ with  nervous  restlessness,  anxiety. 

Female.  —  Uterus  enlarged,  a nd  pa t ulous .  Watery , 
unirritating  leucorrhoea. 

Abdomen, — ■Tenderness  iti  left  inguinal  region; 
bearing-down  pain,  extending  down  thigh. 

Relationship, — Compare:  Sepia;  Lilium;  Thlaspi^ 

Dose, — Ten  to  fifteen  drops  of  tincture  three  times 
a  day. 

FUCUS    VESICULOSUS. 

L  (Sea  Kelp.) 

B^  powerful  remedy  for  obesity  and  goitre;    al50 
■Stophthalnaic,       Digestion  is  fiu-thered  and  flatu- 
lence   diminished.     Obstinate    constipation;     fore- 
head feels  as  if  compressed  by  an  iron  ring. 

Relationship. — Compare;  PhytoL;  Tkyfoidimi 
Badiaga;  lodtim. 

Dose. — Tincture,  teaspoonful  doses  three  times  a 
day. 

GALIUM    APARINE. 

(Goose-Grass.) 

Has  power  of  suspending  or  modifying  cancerous 
action.  Has  clinical  confirmation  of  its  use  in  can- 
ccroiis  ulcers  and  nodulated  tumors  of  the  tongue. 


^^r  GALIUM— GALLIC*   ACID. GAMBOGIA.  295 

I  Inveterate    skin    affections    and    scurvy.     Favors 

I  healthy  granulations  on  ulcerated  surfaces. 

I      Dose.— Fluid  extract;  dt^m  doses  in  cup  of  water 

£  three  times  a  day. 
GALLICUM     ACIDUM. 
(Gallic  Acid,) 

Should  be  remembered  as  a  remedy  in  phthisis. 
I  It  checks  the  morbid  secretions,  gives  tone  to  the 
[  stomach,  and  increases  the  appetite.    Haemorrhages, 
Itching  of  skin.     Pyrosis. 

Mind, — Wild   delirium   at   night:    very  restless^ 
jumps  out  of  bed;  swears;   is  afraid  to  be  alone; 
is  rude  and  abuses  every  one. 
Dose« — ^FiTBt  trituration. 

kGAMBOGU. 
(Gummi  Gutti.) 
±he  use  of  this  drug  in  Homreopathy  has  been 
\  confined  to  its  action  on  the  alimentary  tract.  It 
produces  a  diarrhoea  very  similar  to  Croton,  From 
its  pathogenesis,  it  is  very  evident  that  it  has  very 
intense  and  definite  action,  especially  on  the  gastro- 
enteric tract. 

Head. — Heavy ^  with  inertia  and  drowsiness,  itch- 
ing and  burning  in  eyes;  lids  stick  together,  with 
sneezing. 

G  astro -Enteric  Symptoms. — Feeling  of  coldness  at 
edge  of  teeth.  Great  irritability  of  the  stomach; 
burning,  smarting,  and  dryness  of  the  tongue  and 
throats  Pain  in  the  stomach  after  food.  Tender- 
ness of  epigastrium.     Pain  and  distention  ot  abdo- 


296         GAMBOGIA — GAULTHERIA — GEL8EMIUM. 

men  from  flatiilence  after  stool.  Rumbling  and 
rolling.  Dysentery,  with  retained  scybala,  with  pain 
in  sacral  region.  Diarrhoea,  with  sadden  and  forci- 
ble ejection  of  bilious  stools.  Tenesmus  after,  with 
burning  at  anus.  Ileo-caecaJ  region  sensitive  to  pres- 
sure. Profuse  watery  diarrhoea  in  hot  weather,  par- 
ticularly old  people.     Coccygodynia. 

Modalities. — Worse^  towards  evening  and  at  night. 

Relationship. — Compare:    Croton;  Aloes;  Pod. 

Dose. — ^Third  to  thirtieth  potency. 

GAULTHERIA. 

(Wintergreen.) 

Inflammatory  rheumatism,  pleurodynia,  sciatica^ 
and  other  neuralgias  come  within  the  sphere  of  this 
remedy.  Cystic  and  prostatic  irritation,  undue 
sexual  excitement  and  renal  inflammation. 

Stomach. — Acute  gastritis,  severe  pain  in  epigas- 
trium; prolonged  vomiting.  Uncontrollable  api)e- 
tite,  notwithstanding  irritable  stomach.  Gastral- 
gia  from  nervous  depression.  (Give  five  drops  of 
I  X  of  Oil). 

Relationship. — Compare:  Salicyl.  acid,  Methy- 
lium  salicylicum  (an  artificial  Gaultheria  oil,  for 
rheumatism,  especially  when  the  saUcylates  cannot 
be  used.     Pruritus  and  epididymitis,  locally). 

GELSEMIUM. 

(Yellow  Jessamine.) 

Centers  its  action  upon  the  nervous  system,  caus- 
ing various  degrees  of  motor  paralysis.  General  pros- 
tration.    Dizziness,  drowsiness,  and  dullness.    Weak' 


fwss  and  trembling.  Paralysis  of  variotis  groups  of 
muscles  about  the  eyes,  throat,  chest,  laryi^x* 
sphincter,  extreimtiea,  etc.  MusaUar  weakness. 
Complete  relaxation  and  prostration.  Lack  of  mus* 
cular  coordination.  General  depression  from  heat 
of  sun.  Children  fear  falling,  grab  m-U-se  or  crib. 
Sluggish  circulation.  Nervous  affections  of  cigar- 
makers. 

Mind* — Desire  to  be  qtiiet,  to  be  left  alone.  Dull- 
ness, languor^  listless,  "Discemings  are  lethargied.'* 
Delirious  on  falling  to  sleep*  Emotional  excite - 
mentj  fear,  etc.,  lead  to  bodily  ailments.  Bad  ef- 
fects from  fright,  fear,  exciting  news.  Stage  fright. 
Child  starts  and  grasps  the  nurse,  and  screams ^  as  if 
afraid  of  falling.    [JSor,] 

Head. —  Vertigo,  spreading  from  occiput.  Heavi- 
ness of  head ;  bafid-feding  around  and  occipital  head- 
ache* Dtdl,  heavy  ache,  with  heaviness  of  eyeUds, 
bruised  sensation ;  better,  compression  and  lying  with 
head  high.  Pain  in  tent  pie,  extending  into  ear  and 
wing  of  nose^  chin.  Headache,  with  muscular  sore- 
ness of  neck  and  shoulders.  Headache  preceded  by 
blindness;  better,  profuse  urination.  Scalp  sore  to 
touch,  Dehrious  on  falling-  asleep.  Wants  to  have 
head  raised  on  pillow* 

Hose*— Sneezing;  fulhiess  at  root  of  nose*  Watery 
excoriating  discharge.  Acute  coryza,  With  dull 
headache  and  fever- 
Eyes. — Ptosis;  eyelids  heavy;  patient  can  hardly 
open  them.  Double  vision.  Vision  blurred  *  smoky. 
[CycL:  Piws.]  Dim-si gltied;  pupils  dilated  and  in- 
sensible to  light*  Orbital  neuralgia,  iviih  contraction 
and  twitching  of  7mtscles.  Bruised  jiain  back  of  the 
orbits*     One  pupil  dilated,   the  other  conttattGd^ 


3gi 


GELSEMtUM. 


Deep    mflaTrtma-tions,    with    haainess    of    vitreous. 
Batrous  infiammations.     Albuminuric  retinitis. 

Mouth. -^Putrid  taste  and  breath.  Tongue  numb 
thick,  coated,  yeDowish,  trembles,  paralyzed. 

Face ,^ Hoi,  heavy ^  flushed ^  besoUed-looking*  [BapL; 
Op.]  Neuralgia  of  face^  Dusky  hue  of  face,  with 
vertigo  and  dim  vision.  Facial  niusclcs  contracted, 
especially  around  the  mouth.  Chin  quivers.  Lower 
jaw  dropped* 

Throat- — Difficult  swallowing,  especially  of  warm 
food.  Itching  and  tickling  in  soft  palate  and  naj*o- 
pharynx.  Pain  in  stemo-cleido-niastoid,  back  of 
parotid.  Tonsils  swollen.  Throat  feels  roughi 
burning.  Post- diphtheritic  paralysis.  Tonsillitis; 
shooting  pains  into  ears.  Feeling  of  a  lump  in 
throat  that  cannot  be  swallowed.  Aphonia.  Swal- 
lowing causes  pain  in  ear,  [Hep^;  Nux.]  Difficult 
swallowing. 

Stomach, — As  a  rule,  the  Gelsemium  patient  has 
no  thirst.  Hiccough;  worse  in  the  evening.  Sensa- 
tion of  eniptineas  and  weakness  at  the  pit  of  the 
stomach,  or  of  an  oppression,  like  a  heavy  load, 

StooL^Diarrhoea  frofn  vMoHonal  exciientent,  fright, 
bad  news.  [Phos.  ac,]  Stool  painless  or  involun- 
tary. Cream-colored  [Calc],  tea-green.  Partial  pa- 
ralysis of  rectum  and  sphincter. 

Urine, — Profuse,  clear,  wixtery,  with  chininess  and 
t  remulousness .  Dy  suria .  Par  tial  para  lysis  of  blad  - 
[  der;  flow  intermittent.     IClenmis.] 

l^em&lb,^Rigid  OS.  [Bell]  Vaginismus.  False 
labor-pains;  pains  pass  up  back,  Dysmenorrhoea* 
with  scanty  flow;  menses  retarded.  Pain  extends 
to  hack  and  hips.     Aphonia  and  sore  throat  during 


QBLSElflUM.  Zg^ 

menses.     Sensation   as   if    uterus    were    squeezed. 
[Cham.;  Nux  v.;    Ust.] 

Male.' — Spermatorrhoea,  ufitkotti  erections.  Geni- 
tals cold  and  relaxed,  [Pkos.  ac]  Scrotum  contin- 
ually sweating*  Gonorrhoea >  first  stage;  discharge 
scanty;  tendency  to  corrode;  little  pain,  but  much 
heat;  smarting  at  meatus^ 

Respiratory. — Slowness  of  breathing,  with  ^eat 
prostration  ►  Oppression  about  chest.  Dry  cough, 
with  sore  chest  and  fluent  coryza.  Spasm  of  the 
glottis.  Aphonia;  acute  bronchitis,  respiration 
quickened,  spasmodic  affections  of  kings  and  dia- 
phragm. 

Heart  .^/l  feeling  as  if  U  were  necessary  to  keep  in 
motion,  or  else  hearts  action  would  cease.  Slow 
pulse.  [Dig.;  Kalm.;  Apoc.  can]  Palpitation; 
pulse  soft,  weak  J  full  and  flowing.  Pulse  slow  when 
quiet,  but  greatly  accelerated  on  motion.  Weak^ 
slow  pulse  of  old  age. 

Ba ck .^D u  11 ,  heavy  pain .  Co mplet e  r elaxa t ion  of 
the  whole  muscular  system.  Languor;  muscles  feel 
bruised .  Every  lit  tie  exert  ion  causes  fa  t  igue .  Pa  i  n 
in  neck,  especially  upper  sterno-cleido  muscles.  Dull 
aching  in  lumbar  and  sacral  region,  passing  upward. 
Pain  in  muscles  of  back,  hips,  and  lower  extremities, 
mostly  deep-seated. 

ExtremitieB.—Loss  of  power  of  muscular  control. 
Cramp  in  muscles  of  forearm.  Professional  neuro- 
ses. Writer's  cmmp.  Excessive  trembling  and 
weakness  of  all  limbs.  Hysteric  convulsions.  Fa- 
tigue after  slight  exercise. 

Sleep  .-Cannot  get  fully  to  sleep.  Delirious  on 
filing  asleep.     Insomnia  from  exhaustion;  from  m- 


4 


300  GELSEMIUM GENTIANA   LUTEA. 

controllable  thinking;  tobacco.  Yawning.  Sleep- 
less from  nervous  irritation. 

Fever. — Wants  to  be  held^  because  he  shakes  so. 
Pulse  slow,  full,  soft,  compressible.  Chilliness  up 
and  down  back.  Heat  and  sweat  stages  long  and 
exhausting.  Dumb-ague,  with  much  muscular  sore- 
ness, great  prostration,  and  violent  headache.  Ner- 
vous chills.  Bilious  remittent  fever,  with  stupor, 
dizziftess,  faintness;  thirstless,  prostrated.  Chill, 
without  thirst,  along  spine;  wavelike,  extending  up- 
ward from  sacrum  to  occiput. 

Skin. — ^Hot,  dry,  itching,  measles-Hke  eruption. 
Erysipelas.  Measles^  catarrhal  symptoms,  aids  in 
bringing  out  eruption.  Retrocedent,  with  livid 
spots.     Scarlet  fever  with  stupor  and  flushed  face. 

Modalities. — Worse,  damp  weather,  fog,  before  a 
thunder-storm,  emotion,  or  excitement,  bad  news, 
tobacco-smoking,  when  thinking  of  his  ailments;  at 
lo  A.  M.  Better,  bending  forward,  by  profuse  urina- 
tion, open  air,  continued  motion,  copious  urination; 
stimulants. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Ignatia  (gastric  affec- 
tions of  cigarmakers) ;  Baptis.;  Ipecac.;  Aeon.; 
Bell.;  Cimtcif. 

Antidotes:    China;  Coffea;  Dig. 

Dose. — ^Tincture,  to  thirtieth  attenuation;  first  to 
third  most  often  used. 

GENTIANA    LUTEA. 
(Yellow  Gentian.) 

Stomach  symptoms  marked.  Acts  as  a  tonic,  in- 
creasing appetite. 

Stomach. — Acid  risings,  ravenous  hunger,  nausea, 


GENTIANA    LUTEA — -GERANIUM    MAC  30t 

weight  and  aching  in  stomacli*  Inflation  and  ten- 
sion of  stomacli  and  abdomen,     [Pathos.] 

Relationsliip,— Compare :  Gentiana  cruciata  (throat 
symptoms,  in  addition  to  similar  stomach  symp- 
toms; dysphagia);   Hydrast.;  Nnx. 

Bose. — First  to  third  attennation. 

GERANIUM     MACULATUM, 
(Crane's-Bill.) 

Hahitual  sick  headaches.  Profuse  kctmorrhages 
from  different  organs.  Vomiting  of  blood.  U Itera- 
tion of  stofnach.     Atonic  and  foul  ulcers. 

Head. — Giddiness^  with  diplopia;  better,  closing 
eyes.     Ptosis  and  dilated  pupils. 

Mouth, — Dry;  tip  of  tongue  burning.  Pharyn- 
gitis. 

Stomach, — Catarrhal  gastritis  with  profuse  secre- 
tion, tendency  to  ulceration  and  passive  haemorrhage. 

Stool,^Constant  desire  to  go  to  stool,  with  ina* 
bility  to  pass  anything  for  some  time.  Chronic 
diarrhoea  I  with  offensive  mucus.  Pulmonary  haem- 
orrhage.    lAcalyph.;  Fer.  pkos.;  Millef,] 

Female. — Menses  too  profuse.  Post-partum  haem- 
orrhage.    Sore  nipples..    [Eup.  arofn.] 

Relationship, — Compare :  Er odium. — Hemlock^ — 
Stork's-bill— (a  popular  hsemostatic  in  Russia,  and 
especially  used  for  metrorrhagia  and  menorrhagia) ; 
Hydrastinin-  Cinch.;  Sabin. 

Dose. — Tincture,  half-dram  doses  in  gastric  ulcer. 
Tincture,  to  third  atten  nation  *  as  a  gemral  rule. 
Locally  J  in  ulcers,  it  will  destroy  the  pyogetiic  mem* 
brane* 


I 


GINSENG^GLONOINB, 


* 


n 


GIN  SENG. 

(Aralifl  Quiiiquefolia — Wild  Ginseng,} 

Acts  on  the  lower  part  of  the  spinal  cord  Lum- 
bago ,  sc  ia  tic  a ,  a  nd  rhemaa  tism  -  Paralytic  weakness , 
Hiccough, 

Abdomen. — Tense,  paLnful^  nioabiing.  Pain  in 
right  side.  Loud  gurgling  in  ileo-csecal  region.  Peri- 
typhlitis. 

Male. — Rheumatic  pains  after  frequent  emissions. 
Weakness  of  genital  organs.  Voluptuous  tickling  at 
end  of  urethra.  Sexual  excitement.  Pressure  in 
testicle. 

Extremities.— Hands  feel  swollen.  Skin  feels 
tight.  Contraction.  Coldness  in  back  and  spine. 
Burning  heat  in  tips  of  fingers. 

Relationship. — Compare:    Aral.;  Coca. 

Dose. — Tincture  J  to  third  potency. 

GLOHOmE. 

(Nitra-Glycerlne.) 

Great  remedy  for  congestive  headaches,  hyperae- 
mia  of  the  brain  from  excess  of  heat  or  cold.  Excel- 
lent for  the  intercranial,  climacteric  disturbances*  or 
due  to  menstrual  suppression.  Children  get  sick 
when  sitting  before  an  open  fire.  Surging  of  blood  ic 
hsad  atid  heart.  Tendency  to  sudden  and  violent  ir- 
regularilies  of  the  circulation.  Violent  convulsions, 
associated  with  cerebral  congestion.  Sensation  of 
pulsation  throughmU  body.  Pidsating  pains.  Can- 
not recognize  localities. 

M^&d^— Confusion,  with  dizziness.     Effects  of  £ 


GLOKOINE, 


303  i 


stroke;  heat  on  head,  as  in  type-setters  and  workers  I 
under  gas  and  electric  lights  Head  heavy ^  but  can* 
not  lay  it  on  pillow.  Cannot  bear  any  heat  about 
head.  Better  from  uncovering  head.  Throbbing 
headache.  Vertigo  on  assttming  upright  position. 
Cerebral  congestion.  Head  feels  enormously  large, 
as  if  skull  were  too  small  for  brain.  Sun  headache; 
increases  and  d<  creases  with  the  sun.  Shocks  in 
head,  synchronous  with  pulse*  Headache  in  place 
of  menses.  Rush  of  blood  to  head  in  pregnant 
women,  Threatened  apoplexy.  Meningitis.  Dus- 
ky face. 

Eyes. — Sees  everything  half  light,  half  dark.  Let- 
ters appear  smaller.     Sparks  before  eyes. 

Mouth,^ — Pulsating  toothache. 

Ears, — Throbbing,  each  beat  of  heart  is  heard  in  ' 
ears;  full  feeling. 

Throat, — N'eck  feels  full .  Collar  must  be  opened . 
Chokes  and  swells  up  under  ears. 

Face. ^Flushed,  hot,  livid,  pale;  sweaty;  pains  in  ! 
root  of  nose;  faceache. 

Stomach, — Gastralgia  in  an:cmic  patients  with  fee- 
ble circulation.  Nausea  and  vomiting.  Faint, 
gnawing  and  empty  feeling  11 1  pit  of  stomach. 

Abdomen, — Constipation,  with  itching,  painful 
hiEinorrhoids,  with  pinching  in  abdomen  before  and 
after  stooL  Diarrhoea  i  copious  blackish,  lumpy 
stools. 

Female *^ — Menses  delayed,  or  sudden  cessation, 
with  congestion  to  head.     Ghmacteric  flushing. 

Heart* — -Laborious  action.  Fluttering,  Palpi- 
tation, with  dyspnoea.  Cannot  go  uphill.  Any  ex- 
ertion brings  on  rush  of  blood  to  heart  and  faitvtu\% 


304  GLONOINE ^GNAPHAUUM. 

Spells.     Throbbing   in  tbe   whole   body   to   tingef- 
tips. 

Modal! ties.^ — Better,  brandy*  Worse^  in  sun;  ex- 
posure to  sun -rays,  gas,  open  fire;  jar,  stooping  ^ 
having  hair  cut;  peaches,  stimulants;  lying  down; 
from  6  A.  M.  to  noon. 

Relationship. — Antidote :  Aeon. 

Compare:     Amyl.  nit.;  Bellad.;  Opium;  Straffi.j_ 
Verat^  vir. 

Dose. — Third  to  thirtieth  potency* 

For  palliative  { non-homoeopathic)  purposes,  in  an- 
gina pectoris,  asthma,  heart-failurc^  etc*,  physiologi- 
cal doses — i*  e.,  i-too  of  drop— must  be  given*  Here 
it  is  the  great  emergency  remedy.  The  cotiditions 
caUmg  for  it  are  smalls  wiry  pulse,  pallor,  arterial 
spasm,  anaemia  o£  brain,  collapse,  feeble  heart,  syn- 
cope, dicrotic  pulse,  vertigo, — the  opposite  of  those 
indicating  a  homoeopathic  dosage*  Often  thus  used 
to  lower  the  arterial  tension  in  chronic  interstitial 
nephritis* 

GNAPHALIUM. 

(Cut-WeedO 

A  remedy  of  unquestioned  benefit  in  sciatica,  when 
pain  is  associiited  with  numbness  of  the  part  affected. 
Rheumatism  artd  morning  diarrhoea. 

Face, — Intermittent  pains  of  superior  ma 
of  both  sides* 

Abdomen. — ■Borborygmus*       Colic;    pain    in 
nous  parts  of  the  abdomen*       Irritated  prostate. 
First  stage  of  cholera  infantum;  vomiting  and  pyr 
ing* 

Female,— Weight  and  fullness  in  pelvis.       Df 
menorrluBa,  with  scanty  and  painful  menses. 


GKAPHALIUM— GOLONDRINA GOSSYPIUM.      305 

Back.' — ^ Lumbago  with  numbness  in  lower  part  of 
back  and  weight  in  pelvis. 

Extremities, — Intense  pain  along  the  sciatic  nerv^; 
nundyness  alternates  mth  pain.  Frequent  pains  in 
calves  and  feet.  Grouty  pains  in  big  toes.  Better^ 
drawing  limb  up,  flexing  thigh  on  abdomen.  Gouty 
concretions.  [Ammon.  benz.]  Anterior  crural  neu- 
ral^a ,     [Staph ,] 

ReMtionship. — Compare:  Kanihoxyl.;  Chamom.; 
Pulsair;  HyfUosa  (sciatica  and  rheumatism). 

D<>se. — Third  to  thirtieth  potency. 

GOLONDRIHA. 

(Euphorbia  polycarpa.) 

An  antidote  to  snake -poison.  Its  use  also  renders 
the  body  immune  to  the  influence  of  the  snake 
venom ^  and  thus  as  a  prophylactic,     [Indigo] 

Relationship. — Compare:  The  Euphorbias;  Ced- 
ron;  Gymneftna  (powdered  root  for  snake-bite;  settse 
of  taste  altered}',  SisyTtnchium  (rattlesnake  bites). 

GOSSYPIUM. 
(Cotton-Plant,) 

A  powerful  emnienagogue,  used  in  ph3raiolDgical 
doses.  Honioeopathieally,  it  corresponds  to  many 
reflex  conditions  depending  on  disturbed  uterine 
function  and  pregnancy. 

Stomach.- — Nausea,  with  inchnation  to  vomit  be- 
fore breakfast*  Anorexia,  with  uneasy  feehng  at 
scrobiculum.  at  time  of  menses. 

Fenmle. — Labia  swollen  and  itching.%1  nt^rmitteni 
pain  in  ovartes.     Retained  placenta.     Tumar  oi  thfe,j 


506  GOSSYPItTM— Gfi.ANATQ^^^^^^^^H 

breast,  with  swelling  of  axillar  glands.  Morning 
sickness,  with  sensitive  uterine  region.  Suppressed 
menstruation.  Menses  too  watery-  Backache^  and 
weight  and  dragging  in  pelvis. 

Relationship, — Compare:  Liiium;  Cimkif.;  Sq- 
bitia. 

Dose* — Tijicture,  to  sixth  attenuation. 

|k  GRAHATUM. 

(Pomegranate*) 

As  a  vemiifuge  for  the  expulsion  of  tapeworm, 
and  homceopathically  for  the  following  sympto* 
matic  indications.  Salivation^  with  nausea,  and 
vertigo* 

Head, — Feels  empty.  Sunken  eyes;  pupils  di- 
lated ;  weak  sight.      Veriigo  very  persisteni^ 

Stomach. — Constafit  hunger^  Poor  digestioo. 
Loses  fiesh.     Vomiting  at  night* 

Abdomen. — Pain  in  stomach  and  abdomen;  w&fU 
aboui  umbUicus  [Cocc;  Nux  m.;  Piutnb,};  ineffectual 
urging*  Itching  at  anus.  Dragging  iq  vaginal  re- 
gion, as  if  heniia  would  protrude.  Swelling  resem- 
bling  umbilical  hernia* 

Chest* — Oppressed,  with  sighing*  Pain  between 
shoulders;  even  clothing^  is  oppressive. 

Skin, — licking  in  ptUms.  Sensation  as  if  pimples 
would  break  out.     Jaundiced  coTnjjlfxion. 

E:itremities* — Pain  aroutid  shoulders,  as  if  a  heavy 
load  had  been  carried.  Pain  in  aU  finger-joiiils. 
Tearing  in  knee-joint*     Convulsive  movements. 

Relationship*^Compare:  Cima:  Tmtcwmm:  Kof^ 
so;  Fiiix. 

I>ose^ — First  to  third  potency* 


GRAPHITES.  307 

GRAPHITES. 

(Black  Lead.) 

Like  all  the  carbons,  tliis  remedy  ia  an  anti-psoricr 
of  great  power^  but  especially  active  in  patients  who 
are  rather  stout,  of  fair  complexion,  with  tendency 
to  skin  affections  and  constipation,  fat,  chilly,  and 
costive,  with  delayed  menstrual  history,  take  cold 
easily.  Children  impudent,  teasing »  laugh  at  repri- 
mands. To  BTod^aAe  tendency  to  wysipelas.  (Thir- 
tieth potency.) 

Mind, — Great  tendency  to  start.  Timid*  Un- 
able to  decide.  Want  of  disposition  to  work.  Fidg- 
ety while  sitting  at  work.  Music  makes  her  weep* 
Appre  hensi  ve . 

Head. — Headache  in  morning  on  waking,  mostly 
on  one  side,  with  inclination  to  vomit.  Sensation 
of  cobweb  on  forehead.  Peels  numb  and  pithy. 
Rheumatic  pains  on  one  side  of  head,  extending  to 
teeth  and  neck.  Burning  on  vertex.  Humid,  itch- 
ing eruption  on  hairy  scalp,  emitting  a  fetid  odor. 
Cataleptic  condition,     [Cann.  ind.] 

Eyes* — Ophthalmia,  with  intolerance  of  artificial 
light-  Eyelids  red  and  swollefi.  Blepharitis  ►  Dry- 
ness of  the  eyelids.     Eczema  of  Itds;  fissured. 

"Eax^^^Dry^ness  of  inkier  ear.  Cracking  in  ears 
when  eating.  Moisture  and  eruptions  behiitd  the 
ears.  Hears  better  in  noise.  Hardness  of  hearing. 
Hissing  in  the  ears.  Detonation  in  ear  like  report  of 
a  gun.  Thin,  white,  scaly  niembrane  covering  mem- 
brana  typmpani  like  exfoliated  epithelium.  Fissures 
in  and  behind  the  ear. 

Hose. — Sore  on  blowing  it;  is  painful  intemaXt^. 


? 


^OS  GRAPHITES, 

Smell  abnormally  acute;  cannot  tolerate  flowers. 
Scabs  and  fissures  m  nostrils. 

Face,— Feels  as  ii  cobwebs  were  on  it.  Itching 
pimples.  Moist  eczema  around  mouth  and  cTim. 
Erysipelas^  burning  and  stinging', 

Moutli.^Rot ten  odor  from  mout  h .  Breat h  smells 
like  urine- 

Stomach* — Aversion  to  meat.  Sweets  nauseate. 
Hot  drinks  disagree.  Nausea  and  vomiting  after 
each  meaL  Morning  sickness  during  menstinialioti 
Pressure  in  stomach.  Burning  in  stomach ,  causing 
hunger.  Eructation  difficult.  ConUriciive  pain  m 
stomach.     Recurrent  gastralgia. 

Abdomen.- — Nauseous  feeling  in  abdomen*  Full- 
ness and  hardness  in  abdomen,  as  from  incarcerated 
flatulence;  must  loosen  clothing;  presses  painfully  at 
abdominal  rinfj.  Croaking  in  abdomen,  Inguiml 
region  sensitive^  swollen. 

Stool. — Constipation;  large,  difficult,  knotty  stools 
united  by  mucous  threads.  Burning  haemorrhoids, 
Prolapse,  diarrhoea;  stools  of  brown  fluids  mixed 
with  undigested  substance,  very  fetid,  Smarting, 
sore  anus,  itching*  Ltimpy  stool,  conjoined  wth 
threads  of  mucus*     Varices  of  the  rectum. 

Urine. — Turbid,  with  sediment. 

Female.— Menses  too  laie,  pale  and  scanty,  with 
tearing  pain  in  epigastrium,  and  itching  before. 
Hoarseness,  coryza,  cough,  sweats  and  morning 
sickness  during  menstruation.  Leucorrhcea  pale, 
thin,  profuse f  white,  excortaiing,  with  great  weak- 
ness in  back.  Mammae  swollen  and  hard.  Nipples 
sore,  cracked,  and  blistered.  Decided  avei^ion  to 
coitua. 


GHAPHITKS.  309 

MaJe. — Sexual  debility,  aversion  to  coition:  no 
ejaculation;  herpetic  eruption  on  organs. 

Respiratory. — Constriction  of  chest;  suffocative 
attacks  waken  from  sleep;  must  eat  something. 
Pain  in  middle  of  chest,  with  cough,  scraping,  and 
soreness. 

ExtreniitieB, — ^Pain  in  bacK  and  limbs.  Left  hand 
numb ;  arms  feel  asleep;  finger-nails  thick,  black,  and 
rough,  matri^x  inflamed*  [Fsor.;  Fluor,  ac^]  CEdema 
uf  lower  limbs-  Toe-nails  crippled.  Stiffness  and 
contraction  of  toes, 

Skin.^Rough,  dry,  hard.  Pimples  and  acne. 
Eruptions ^  oozing  out  a  sticky  exudation.  Rawness 
in  bends  of  limbs,  groins,  neck,  behind  ears.  Un- 
healthy  skin:  e^ery  liUk  injury  suppurates^  Ulcers 
discharging  a  glutinous  fluid,  thin  and  sticky.  Swell- 
ing and  induration  of  glands.  Gouty  nodosities. 
Nails  brittle  and  crumbling  Nails  deformed,  pain- 
ful, sore,  thick t  and  crippled.  Cracks  or  fissures  in 
ends  of  lingers^  nipples,  mouth,  between  toes,  anus. 
Phlegmonous  erysipelas  of  face;  burning  and  sting- 
ing pain.     Swelling  of  feet.     [Lyc.^     Wens* 

Modalities. — Worse^  at  night,  during  and  after 
menstruation.  Better,  in  the  dark,  from  wrapping 
up. 

Relationship  .^Complementary:  CaHsiic.;  Hep.; 
Lycop, 

Compare:   Puis.;  Cak.;  Sep,;  Sulph*;  Fluor,  ac. 

Antidote:    Nux;  Aeon.;  Ars. 

DoBe* — Sixth  to  thirtieth  potency.  Locally,  as  a 
cerate,  in  sore  nipples. 


3 1 0  GR  ATIOLA 6RINDBLI  A. 

GRATIOLA. 
(Hedge  Hyssop.) 

Acts  especially  on  gastro-intestinal  tract.  Useful 
in  mental  troubles  from  overweening  pride. 

Head. — Sick  headache.  Rush  of  blood  with  van- 
ishing of  sight.  Sensation  as  if  brain  was  contract- 
ing and  head  became  smaller.  Tightness  in  fore- 
head, with  wrinkles  in  skin.  Eyes  dry,  bum. 
Myopia. 

Stomach. — ^Vertigo  during  and  after  meals;  hun- 
ger and  feeling  of  emptiness  after  meals.  Dyspep- 
sia, with  much  distention  of  the  stomach.  Cramps 
and  cohc  after  supper  and  during  night,  with  swell- 
ing of  abdomen  and  constipation.  Dysphagia  for 
liquids. 

Stool. — Diarrhoea ;  green,  frothy  water ,  followed  by 
anal  burning ,  forcibly  evacuated  without  pain.  Con- 
stipation, with  gouty  acidity.  Haemorrhoids,  with 
hypochondriasis.     Rectum  constricted. 

Female. — Nymphomania.  Menses  too  profuse, 
premature,  and  too  long. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Dig.;  Euph.;  Tab.: 
Cham.;  Ammon.  pic. 

Dose. — Second  to  thirtieth  potency. 

GRINDELIA. 

(Rosin-Weed.) 

Produces  a  paresis  of  the  pneiimo-gastric,  inter- 
fering with  respiration.  Smothering  after  falling 
asleep.  Asthmatic  conditions  and  Cheyne-Stokes 
respiration,  chronic  bronchitis,  call  for  it.     An  effec- 


GUINDELIA GUACO. 


3TT 


Jve  antidote  to  Rhiis-poij^oning,  IcxaUy  ^tnd  inter- 

Head. — Feels  full,  as  from  quinine.  Pain  in  eye- 
falls,  running  back  to  brain;  worse ^  tiiovmg  eyes, 
pupils  dilated. 

Respira to ry^— Asthma,  with  profuse  tenacious  ex- 
pectoration, which  relieves*  Stops  breathing  when 
hUing  asleep;  wakes  with  a  start,  and  gasps  for 
^reath.  Must  sit  up  to  breathe.  Pertussis,  with 
irofuse  mucous  secretion,     [CiKCUs.] 

Spleen. — Cutting  pain  in  region  of  spleen,  ex- 
Ending  to  hips.     Spleen  enlarged.     [Ceanoth.;  Car- 

[  Skin.' — Rash,  like  roseola,  with  severe  burning  and 
tching.  Vesicular  and  papular  eruptions.  Poison- 
\ak.     Ulcers,  with  sw^ollen  purplish  skin, 

Rela tionship. — Ertod iciyo n;  Lack . ;  Sang u htar. 

Dose.^ — Tincture,  to  thirtieth  potency. 


GUACO- 

(Mikaiua.) 

^ntidote  to  bites  of  scorpions  and  serpents.     [Go- 

rfrirta.]     Cholera.     Bulbaf  paralysis.       Syphilis, 

|cer.     Deafness— tongue  heavy  and  difficult  to 

Spinal  irritation.     Spinal  symptoms  most 

Iced  and  verified. 

foat, — ^Heaviness    and    difficulty    of    moving 
Larynx  and  trachea  constricted:  difficult 
it  ion, 

lie, — ^Leucorrhoea ,  copious,  corroding,  pu- 
lebilitating.  Itching  and  smarting  at  night p 
|e  werti  running  out  of  parts* 


312  GU  ACO— GUAI ACUM. 

Back. — Burning  in  nap^  to  shoulders.  Pain 
along  spine;  worse,  bending. 

Extremities. — Pain  in  deltoid,  shoulders,  elbows, 
arms,  and  fingers.  Pain  about  hip-joint.  Legs 
heavy.  Pain  in  ankle-joints  and  soles.  Paralysis 
of  lower  extremities. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Oxal,  ac.;  Lathyr.; 
Caust. 

Dose. — ^Third  to  sixth  potency. 

GUAIACUM. 
(Resin  of  Lignum  Vitse.) 

Chief  action  on  fibrous  tissue,  and  is  especially 
adapted  to  the  arthritic  diathesis,  rheumatism,  and 
tonsiHtis.  Secondary  syphilis.  Very  valuable  in 
acute  rheumatism. 

Mind. — Forgetful;  thoughtless;  staring. 

Head. — Gouty  and  rheumatic  pain  in  head  and 
face,  extending  to  neck.  Tearing  pain  in  skull ;  worse, 
cold,  wet  weather.  Feels  swollen,  and  blood-vessels 
distended. 

Eyes. — Pupils  dilated.  EyeHds  appear  too  short. 
Pimples  around  eyes. 

Stomach. — ^Tongue  furred.  Desire  for  apples. 
Aversion  to  milk.  Burning  in  stomach.  Con- 
stricted epigastric  region. 

Abdomen. — Much  wind  in  bowels.  Diarrhoea, 
cholera  infantum. 

Throat. — Tonsillitis;  first  stage.  Violent  burning 
in  throat.     Full  and  sw^ollen. 

Respiratory. — Feels  suffocated.  Dry,  tight  cough. 
Pleuritic  stitches. 


Female,— Ovaritis  in  rhetmaatic  patients,  with  ir- 
i  regular  menstroation  and  dysmenorrhoea  and  irri- 
table bladder. 

Back. — Pain  from  head  to  neck.  Aching  in  nape. 
Stiff  neck  and  sore  shoulders.  Stitches  between 
scapulse  to  occiput. 

Extremities, — Rheurtiatic  pain  in  sho aiders t  arms 
and  hands.  Growing  pains.  [Pkos.  ac]  Pricking^ 
in  nates.  Sciatica  and  lumbago.  Gouty  tearing, 
with  contractioDs.  Immovable  stiffness.  Joints 
swoUen,  painful  and  intolerant  of  pressiire;  can  bear 
no  heat. 

Modalities, — WorsCy  from  motion,  heat,  cold  wet 
weather;  from  6  p.  m,  to  4  ^^  m*  BetUr,  external 
pressure. 

Helationship, — Guaiacol  (in  the  treatment  of  gon- 
orrhceal  epididymitis,  2  parts  to  jo  vasehn,  locally). 

Antidote:  Ntix. 

Compare:  Hymosa  (anti-rheumatic,  lumbago, 
pleurodynia);  Men;.;  Causi.;  Rhus;  Mezer.:  Rkodod. 

"Do^* — Tincture  J  to  sixth  attenuation, 

GUAREA, 

(Ballwood.)  ■ 

Eye  symptoms  have  been  verified.  Chemosis  and 
pterygium  have  been  cured  with  it. 

Eyes.— Conj mictiva  Lnflam.ed,  swollen.  Tearing 
pai  n  in  eyeba  Us ;  tension ,  forced  -out  f eeUng .  O  bj  ec  ts 
appear  gray,  upside  down.  Eye  symptoms  alter- 
nate with  diminished  hearing. 

Head. — Sensation  as  if  brain  were  falling  for- 
ward i  as  from  a  blow  on  head. 


314  GYM^fOCLADUS HjBMATOXVLON. 


GYMHOCLADUS. 

(American  Coffee-TreeO 

Sore  throaty  dark  livid  redness  of  fauces,  and  ery- 
sipelatous swelling  of  face  are  most  marked-  Desire 
for  heat  and  quiet*  Headache,  with  bluish-white 
coating  of  tongue. 

Face. — Sensation  as  of  flies  crawling  over  face. 
Erysipelas,     Great  sensibility  of  teeth. 

Throat, — Sore^  dark  hvid  redness  of  fauces  and 
tonsils.  Sticking  pain.  Mucus  in  throat  and  hawk- 
ing.    Ticklings  with  dry  cough. 

Relationshif. — Compare:  Lachnani.;  Laches.,'  At- 
lanik.;  RJtus. 

affiMATOXYLON. 

(Logwood.) 

Sense  of  constriction  is  characteristic.  Seftsaiitm 
as  if  a  bar  lay  across  chest.     Angina  pectoris. 

Head*^Feels  constricted;  heavy »  hot.  Eyelids 
heavy. 

Stomach.— Swollen »  painful.  Colic;  tympanitic 
distention. 

Chest* — Constriction,  extending  to  epigastrium- 
Sensation  of  a  bar  across  chest.  Convulsive  pain  in 
heart -region  with  oppression.  Great  soreness  in  re- 
gion of  heart.     Palpitation, 

female .^Pa in  in  hypogastrium,  attended  with 
slimy,  whitish  kucorrhoea.  Weak  fetiing,  tt  itli  pain- 
ful  bearinf^^^domn  sensation  at  nienstrucd  period. 

Relationship. — Compare;     Caciiis;  Colocy,;  Naja. 


HAMAMELIS    VlHmNICA.  JTJ 

HAMAMELIS    VIRGINICA, 

(Witch-Hazel.) 

Vetiotia  congestion,  hfismorrbages,  varicose  veins, 
and  hccmoirhoids,  with  bruised  soreness  of  affected 
parts t  seem  to  be  the  special  iiphere  of  this  remedy. 

Head. — ^Feeling  as  of  a  bolt  from  temple  to  tem- 
ple. Fullness,  followed  by  e  pis  taxis.  Eyes  feel 
forced  out.  Pressure  between  eyes.  Intra -ocular 
htcmorrhage. 

Hose f ^Bleeding  from  nose  profuse;  flow  passive, 
non-coa^ulable.     Bad  odor  from  nose. 

Eyes* — Painful  weakiiess;  s&re  pain  in  eyes;  blood- 
shot appearance;  inflamed  vessels  greatly  injected. 

Throat. — Mucous  membrane  distended  and  bluish ; 
varicosis  of  throat. 

Stomapli.— Tongue  feels  burnt.  Thirst.  Bhsters 
on  side.  Haematemesis.  Throbbing  and  pain  in 
stomach. 

Stool. — Anus  feels  sore  and  raw.  Ha^morrhiyids, 
bUeding  proftiselyt  with  soreness.  Dysentery.  Pul- 
sation in  rectum. 

Urioe.—H hematuria,  with  increased  desire. 

Female.— Ovarian  congestion  and  neuralgia;  feel 
very  sore.  Vicarious  menstruation.  Uterine  hsem.- 
orrhage,  bearing -down  pain  in  back.  Menses  dark^ 
profuse,  ufiih  soreness  in  abdomen.  Metrorrhagta, 
occurring  midway  between  menstrital  periods.  Vagina 
very  tender.  Profuse  leucorrhoea.  Vulva  itches. 
Milk-leg,  haemorrhoids,  and  sore  nipples  after  con- 
finement. Metrorrhagia ;  passive  flow.  Vaginismus, 
ovaritis,  soreness  over  whole  abdomen.  Phleg- 
masia alba. 


3t6 


TIAMAMELIS    VlRGimCA— HEDBOMA. 


Male. — Pain  in  spermatic  cord,  running  into 
testes.  Varicocele.  Pain  in  testicles-  Orchitis, 
Testicles  enlarged,  hot^  and  painful.     Epididymitis. 

Respiratory  .^Haemoptysis;  tickling  cough.  Chest 
feek  sore  and  constricted. 

Back,— Sore  pain  down  cervical  vertebrae.  Se- 
vere pain  in  lumbar  and  hypogastric  region,  extend- 
ing down  legs. 

Extremities-— Tired  feeling  in  arms  and  legs. 
Very  sore  mtiscles  and  joints.  Varicose  veins. 
Chilliness  in  back  and  hips,  extending  down  le^. 

Skin. — Bluish  chilblains.  Phlebitis.  Purpura. 
Varicose  veins  and  ulcers;  very  sore.  Bums.  Ec- 
chymosis.     Traumatic  inflammations.     [Arnica.] 

Modalities, — Worse^  warm,  moist  air. 

Relationships-Compare  in  haemorrhoids:  Cak, 
fiuor.;  Aloe;  Mur.  ae. 

Compare:  Armca;  Calend.;  TrilUum;  Bdlis.; 
Sulph.  ac. 

Antidote:  Arnica. 

Complementary:  Ferrum. 

Dose. — Tinctiu-e  to  sixth  attenuation.  Distilled 
extract  locally. 

HEDEOMA. 

(PennyroyaL) 

female  symptoms  are  most  marked ;  usually  asso- 
ciated with  nervous  disturbances-  Red  sand  in 
urine.     Pain  along  ureter.     Flatulent  colic. 

Head« — Dull,  h^vy  feehng  in  morning.  Sore 
pain,  as  trom  a  cut.  Weak,  faint;  better,  lying 
down. 

Urine. — Frequent  urging,  cutting  pams,       V%m 


HEDEOMA^HEKLA    LAVA— HELLEBOKUS.        317 

along'  left  itreter.  Dragging  pain  from  kidney  to 
bladder.     Dull  burning  pain  over  left  kidney. 

Female. — Bearing-down  pains^  with  much  back- 
ache; worse^  lea^t  movement*  Leucorrhcea,  with 
itching  and  burning.     [Kreos.;  Fluor,  ac.;  Sulph.] 

Extremities, — Pain,  coldnesE,  and  paretic  condi- 
tion ►  Twitchings,  jerkings,  soreness.  Tendo  Achil- 
les painful. 

Helationship. — Compare:  Mentha;  Sepia;  Lilium; 
OcimufH  (uric  acid  diathesis,  pain  in  ureters) ;  Leon* 
urus  (hEemorrhages  and  dysentery). 

Dose. — Pirst  to  third  potency. 

HEKLA   LAVA. 

(Lava  Scoriae  from  Mt.  HeclaO 

Marked  action  upon  the  jaws.  Of  great  use  in 
exostosis,  gum  abscess,  difficult  teething.  Nodosi- 
ties,  caries  of  bone,  etc.  Osteitis,  periostitis,  osteo- 
sarcoma; rachitis. 

Face. — Ulceration  of  nasal  bones.  Facial  fteitral- 
gia  from  carious  teeth.  Toothache,  with  swelling 
about  jaws.  Abscess  of  gums.  Enlargentent  of 
tnaxiUary  bone.  Cervical  glands  enlarged  and  in- 
durated. 

Relationship,— <!ompare;  Silica;  Mercur.;  Phos,; 
ConchioL 

Dose.— Lower  triturations. 

HELLEBORUS. 

(Snow-Rose.) 

Produces  a  condition  of  sensorial  depression.  Sees, 
hears*  tastes  imperfectly,  and  general  muscidcw  'uueafe- 


I 


3i8 


HELLEBORXJS^ 


ness,  wliicb  may  go  on  to  complete  paralysis  acejom- 
panied  by  dropsical  effusions.  Hence  a  remedy  in 
low  states  of  vitality  and  serious  disease.  Charac- 
teristic aggravation  from  4  to  S  p.m.  [Lycap.]  State 
of  effusion  in  hydrocephalus.  Mania  of  a  melan- 
choly type. 

Mind^^Slow  in  answering.  Thoughtless;  star- 
ing. Involuntary  sighing.  Complete  unconscums- 
ness.     Picks  lips  and  clothes. 

Head  .^Forehead  wrinkled  in  folds.  Cold  sweat. 
Stupefying  he^idacbe.  Rolls  head  day  and  night; 
moaning^  sudden  screams.  Bores  head  iitlo  pilhm; 
beats  it  with  hands.  Dull  pain  in  occiput,  with  sen- 
sation of  water  washing  inside.  Headache  culmi- 
nates in  vomiting. 

Nose, — Dirty,  dry  nostrils.  Rubs  nose.  Smell 
diminished.     Nose  pointed* 

Eyes* — Eyeballs  turn  upward;  squintingj  vacant 
look.     Pupils  dilated.     Eyes  wide  open,  sunken. 

Face.^ — Pale,  sunken.  Cold  sweat ►  Wrinkled. 
Neuralgia  on  left  side;  parts  so  tender  he  can  not 
chew. 

Houth^ — Horrible  smell  front  mouth.  Lips  dry' 
and  cracked.  Tongue  red  and  dry.  Falling  of 
Imver  jaw.  Meaningless  picking  of  lips.  Grinding 
of  teeth.  Chewing  motion.  Greedily  swallows  cold 
water,  though  unconscious.  Child  nurses  greedily » 
with  disgust  for  food.  Ptyalism,  with  sore  corners 
of  mouth. 

Stool. — ^Jelly-hke,  white  mucus;  involuntary* 

Abdomen* — Gurgling,  as  if  bowels  were  fuU  o£ 
water.     Swollen,  painful  to  touch* 

Urine.— Suppressed;  scanty,  dark;  coffee-grounds 


r 


HBLLBBORUS HBLIANTMUS* 


3^9 

Child  cannot  tirinate* 


sedimeBt,     Frequent  tirging. 
Bladder  overdistended. 

Respiratory, — Frequent  sighing.      Respiration  ir- 
regtilar.     Chest  conatrieted  [  gasps  for  breath.     Hy- 
I  dxothorax.     [Merc.  ntlpkJ\ 

Extremities, ^^^ — Automatic  motion  of  &n0  arm  and 
leg-  Limbs  heavy  and  painful.  Stretching  of  limbs. 
Thumb  drawn  into  poilm.     [C7«^r,] 

Sleep, — Sudden  screams  in  sleep.     Soporous  sleep. 
I  Cri  gnceph^ique.     Cannot  be  fully  aroused. 

Skm. — Pah,  dropsical^  itching.  Livid  spots  on 
skin.  Sudden  watery  swelling  of  skin.  Falling  off 
of  hair  and  nails. 

Modalities. — Worse^  from  evening  until  morning , 
^  from  uncovering. 

RelmtionsMp. —  Hellebor.  fcetidus  or  Polymnia 
(splenic  affections,  chronic  ague  cake;  hypertro- 
phied  uterus;  glandular  enlargements;  hair  and  nails 
fallirtg  oS;  skin  peeling);  Hellebor.  orientalis  (sali- 
vation). 

Antidote:    Camplwr;  Cinch. 

Compare:  Threatening  effusion:  Ttiherc;  Apis; 
Zinc.;  Opium;  Cinch.;  Cicuta;  Iodoform. 

Dose. — Tincture,  to  third  potency. 


ITELIAWTHUS. 

(Sunflower.) 

Old  t^ses  of  intermittent  fever.  Spleen  remedy. 
Marked  effects  on  stomach,  with  nausea  and  vomit- 
ing.    Stools  black.     [Leptandra.^ 


3aiO 


HILODERMA. 


HELQDERMA, 

(Gik  Monster*) 

The  result  of  the  bite  is  a  benumbing  paralysis 
like  paralysis  agitans  or  locomotor  ataxia.  There  is 
no  tetanic  phase — ^  condition  almost  reverse  in  ob- 
jective symptoms  to  Hydrocy.  acid  Gr  Strychnia* 
Homoeopathically,  it  is  indicated  in  many  forms  of 
disease  characterized  by  great  coldness — "arctic*' 
coldness. 

Head. — Very  depressed.  Sensation  as  if  would 
fall  to  right  side.  Cold  band  around  head;  cold 
pressure  within  the  skull.  Eyelids  heavy.  Pain  be- 
ginning in  right  ear,  extending  round  back  of  head 
to  left  ear. 

Face*— Cold T  crawling  feeling;  as  if  facial  muscles 
were  tight. 

Mouth.— Tongue  I  cold,  tender,  and  dry.  Very 
thirsty.     Swallowing  difficult.     Breath  cold. 

Chest. — Cold  feeling  in  lungs  and  in  heart.  Slow 
labored  thumping  of  heart* 

Back. — Coldness  across  scapulae.  Burning  alotig 
spine* 

Extremities. — Numbness  and  trembling.  Cold- 
ness* Sensation  as  if  walking  on  sponge,  and  as  if 
feet  were  swollen*  Staggering  gait.  Cock's  gait. 
When  walking,  lifts  feet  higher  than  usual,  and  puts 
down  heel  hard.  Feet  cold  as  ice  or  bum.  Stretch- 
ing relieves  pains  in  muscles  and  Umbs* 

Fever .^ — Internal  coldness,  as  if  frozen  to  death* 
Cold  rings  around  body.  Cold  waves.  [Abies  r., 
Acan.]  Cold  spots*  Arctic  coldness.  Tempera- 
ture sub-normal — 96°*     [Camph.] 


HBLODERMA HELONIAS.  32I 

RelationBhip^^— Compare  :     Campk.;  Loch.;  Merc. 
Dose. — Thirtieth  potency. 

HELOlfUS. 

(Blazing  Star.) 

Sensation  of  weakness,  dragging  and  weight  in 
the  sacrum  and  pelvis,  with  great  languor  and  pros- 
tration, are  excellent  indications  for  this  remedy. 
There  is  a  sensitiveness  expressed  as  a  consciousness 
of  a  womb.  Tired  J  backachy  females.  The  weak- 
ness shows  itself  also  in  a  tendency  to  prolapse  and 
other  malposition  of  the  womb.  The  menses  are 
often  suppressed  and  the  kidneys  congested.  It 
seems  as  if  the  monthly  congestion » instead  of  vent- 
ing itself  as  it  should  through  the  uterine  vessels, 
had  extended  to  the  kidneys.  With  it  all,  there  is  a 
profound  melancholia .  Patient  must  be  doing  some- 
thing to  engage  the  mind.  Remember  it  for  women 
with  prolapsus  from  atony,  enervated  by  indolence 
and  luxury  (better  when  attention  is  engaged— 
hence  when  the  doctor  comes),  or  for  those  worn 
out  with  hard  work,  tired,  strained  muscles  bum 
and  ache,  and  cannot  sleep.  Diabetes  mellitus,  and 
insipidus.  Constant  aching  and  tenderness  over 
kidneys* 

Mind* — Profound  melancholy.  Patient  is  better 
when  attention  is  engaged,  when  doing  something. 
Irritable;  cannot  endure  the  least  contradiction. 

Head,— Burning  sensation  on  top.  Headache, 
better  mental  exertion. 

Back.^Pom  and  weight  in  back:  tired  and  weak. 
Aching  and  burning  across  the  lumbar  region;  can 
oc^  outlines  of  kidneys  by  constant  burning.     Boriiv^ 


1 


I 


322  HELONIAS — HEPAR    SULPHURIS, 

pain  in  lumbar  region,  extending  down  legs.     Great 
languor,  better  exercising. 

Female. — Dragging  in  sacral  region,  with  pro- 
lapse, especially  after  a  miscarriage.  Pritritus  vidv&. 
Backache  after  niiscarriage.  [KaltcJ]  Weight  and 
soreness  in  womb  [Sep.]\  conscious  ofwontb.  Menses 
too  frequent,  too  profuse.  [BdL;  Bern.;  Cak.;  Coccr, 
Mux;  Sabina^  Ltiucorrhoea.  Breasts  swoDen.  nip- 
ples painful  and  tender.  Parts  hot,  red^  swoDen; 
bum  and  itch  terribly.  Albuminuria  during  preg- 
nancy.    [Apis;  Ars.;  Alerc.  c] 

Urine. — Albuminotts,  phosphatic;  profuse  and 
clear,  saccharine.     Diabetes. 

Modalities. — Belter,  when  doing  something  (men- 
tal  diversion).     Worse,  motion ^  touch. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Aleiris;  Liiium;  Puts.; 
Senecto ;  Sia n n  uni . 

Dose, — Tincture,  to  sixth  attenuation, 

HEPAR     SULPHURIS, 

(Hahnemann's  Calcium  Sulphide.) 

Suits  especially  scrofulous  and  lymphatic  constitu- 
tions who  are  inclined  to  have  eruptions  and  glandu- 
lar swellings.  Unliealthy  skin.  Blondes  with  slug- 
gish character  and  weak  muscles.  Great  sensitim- 
ness  to  all  imf^ressions.  Locally,  it  has  special  a^i- 
ity  to  the  respiratory  mucous  membrane »  producing 
croupous  catarrhal  inflammation,  profuse  secretion; 
also  easy  perspiration.  After  abuse  of  Mercury. 
The  tendency  to  stippuration  is  most  marked^  and  has 
been  a  strong  guiding  symptom  in  practice*  ChilU- 
uess,  hjpersensitiveness,  spUntCT^liJce  pains^  craving 


HEPAR  SULPHURIS.  323 

for  sour  and  strong  ihingsj  are  very  characteristic. 
Feeling  as  %f  wind  were  blowing  an  some  part. 

Mind. — Anguish  in  the  cveriing  and  night,  with 
thoughtsof  suicide .  The  slightest  catise  irritates  him. 
Dejected  and  sad.     Ferocious.     Hasty  sx)eech. 

Head.^ Vertigo  and  headache  when  shaking  the 
head  or  riding.  Boring  pain  in  the  right  temple 
and  in  root  of  nose  every  morning.  Scalp  sensitive^ 
and  sore.  Humid  scald-head,  itching  and  burning. 
Cold  sweat  on  head. 

Eyes,' —  Ulcers  on  corm^a.  Iritis,  with  pus  in  ante- 
rior chamber;  purulent  conjunctivitis,  with  marked 
chenaosis^  profuse  discharge,  jjreat  sensitiveness  to 
touch  and  air.  Eyes  and  lids  red  and  inflamed. 
Pain  in  the  eyes,  as  if  pulled  back  into  the  head. 
Boring  pain  in  upper  bones  of  the  orbits.  Eyeballs 
sore  to  touch.  Objects  appear  red  and  too  large. 
Hypopiofi. 

Nose. — Sore,  ulcerated.  Stopped  up  every  time 
he  goes  out  into  the  cold  air.  Smell  like  old  cheese. 
Hay-fever.  (Hepar  ix  will  often  start  secretions  and 
produce  drainage  in  stuffy  colds). 

Ears,— Scurfs  on  and  behind  the  ears.  Discharge 
of  £eUd  pus  from  the  ears*  WhizEing  and  throbbing 
in  ears,  with  hardness  of  hearing.  Deafness  after 
scarlet  fever ►  Pustules  in  auditory  canal  and  auri- 
cle.    Mastoiditis. 

Face. — ^Yellowish  complexion.  Middle  of  lower 
lip  cracked.  Vesicular  erysipelas,  with  prickling  in 
parts.  Neuralgia  of  right  side,  extending  in  streaks 
into  temple,  ear,  alae,  and  lip.  Pains  in  bones  of 
lace,  especially  when  being  touched-  Ulcers  in  cor- 
ners of  mouth.     Shooting  in  jaw  on  opening  tno'uVb 


334  liEPAR    SULPHUEIS. 

Throat.— Gums  and  mouth  painful  to  touch  and 
bleed  readily.  When  swallowing,  sensation  as  if  a 
plug  a,nd  of  a  splinter  in  throat.  Quinsy^  nt>iih  itn- 
pending  suppuration.  Stitches  in  throat  extending 
to  the  ear  when  swallowing*     Hawking  up  of  mucus. 

StDmiLch. — Longing  for  acids,  wine,  and  strong- 
tasting  food.  Aversion  to  fat  food.  Frequent  eruc- 
tations, without  taste  or  smell.  Distention  of  stom- 
ach, comjTelling  one  to  loosen  the  clothing.  Burning 
in  stomach.  Heaviness  and  pressure  in  stomach 
after  a  slight  meah 

Abdomen* — Stitching  in  region  of  liver  when  w^alk- 
ingi  coughing,  breathifigj  or  touching  it.  [Bry.; 
Merc]  Hepatitis,  hepatic  abscess;  abdomen  dis- 
tended, tense;  chronic  abdominal  affections. 

StooL^^-Cta^'^-colored  and  soft.  Sour,  white,  undiges- 
ted, fetid.     Loss  of  power  to  exjjel  even  a  soft  stool. 

Urine, — Voided  slowly,  without  forc& — drops  ver* 
tically,  bladder  weak*  Seems  as  if  some  always  re- 
mained. Greasy  pellicle  on  urine.  Bladder  diffi- 
culties of  old  men*     IPhos^;  Snlph.;  Copaiva,] 

Hale. — Herpes,  sensitive,  bleed  easily.  Ulcers  ex- 
ternally on  prepuce  similar  to  chancre*  [Nitr^  actd,\ 
Excitement  and  emission  without  amorous  fancies. 
Itching  of  glans,  fraenum  and  scrotum*  Suppurat- 
ing inguinal  glands*  Figwarts  of  ofiensive  odor* 
Humid  soreness  on  genitals  and  between  scrotum 
and  thigh. 

Female,- — Discharge  of  blood  from  uterus-  Itch- 
ing of  pudenda,  worse  during  mensc^s.  Menses  late 
and  scanty.  Abscesses  of  labits  wtth  great  sensitiw- 
ness,  Extremely  offensive  leucorrhcea.  Profuse 
perspiration  at  the  cUmacteric.     ITilia;  Jaborandf] 

Jiespira^oiy*— Hoarseness,    with    loss    of    voice^ 


HE  PAR    SULPHURTS.  325 

Dry,  hoarse  cough.  Cough  excited  wk eTtever  any 
pari  of  the  body  gets  cold  or  tuicovered,  or  from  eating 
anything  cold.  Croup,  with  loose,  rattling  cough; 
worse  in  morning;.  Choking  cough.  Rattling,  croak 
Ing  cough;  suffocative  attacks;  has  to  rise  up  and 
bend  head  backwards.  Anxious^  wheezing,  moist 
breathing;  asthma  worse  in  dry  cold  air;  better  in 
damp.     Palpitation  of  heart. 

Skin. — Abscesses;  suppurating  glands  are  very 
sensitive*  Unhealthy  skin ;  every  httle  injury  BWp- 
purates.  Chapped  skin,  with  deep  cracks  on  hands 
and  feet.  Uk'crs,  w^ith  bloody  suppuration,  smelling 
like  old  cheese.  Ulcers  very  sensitive  to  contact, 
burning,  stinging,  easily  bleeding.  Sweats  day  and 
night  without  relief.  "Cold- sores"  very  sensitive. 
Cannot  bear  to  be  uncovered;  wants  to  be  wrapped 
up  •warmly.  Sticking  or  pricking  m  afflicted  parts. 
Putrid  ulcers,  Siirrotinded  by  little  pimples.  Great 
aensitivenc^s  to  slightest  touch.     Chronic  urticaria. 

Fever- — Chilly  in  open  air  or  from  shghiest  draughi. 
Dry  heat  at  night.  Profuse  stvecU;  sour,  sticky, 
offensiv^e. 

Modalities, — Worse,  from  dry  cold  winds;  cool  air; 
slightest  draught;  from  Mercury,  touch;  lying  on 
painful  side.  Better,  in  damp  w^eather,  from  wrap- 
ping head  up,  from  warmth,  after  eating. 

Relationship, — Antidotes;  Bellad.;  Chnm.;  Sil. 

Compa  re :  .4  con . ;  Spongia ;  Staphis;  Silica  ;  Sti  Iph .  ; 
Cole,  sulph.  Hepar  antidotes  bad  effects  from  Mer- 
cury, Iodide^  Potash^  Cod- Liver  Oil.  Removes  the 
weakening  effects  of  ether* 

Doae,^Firstto2ooth.  Thebigher  potencies  may 
abort  suppuration,  the  low^er  promote  it.  If  it  is 
necessary  to  hasten  it,  ^ive  2X, 


1 


336    HEPATICA— HIPPOMANEB^ — HIPFOZ^NlNUM, 

HEPATICA. 

(Liyer-WortO 
Pharyngeal  catarrh,  with  profuse  serous  sputa  ai 


re-    1 


hoarseness.     Tickhng  and  irritation  of  the  throat 
Sensation  about  epiglottis  as  if  particles  of  food 
mained.     Frequent    hawking.     Sputa    sweety    pro 
fuse,  creamy, 

HIPPOMANES, 

(A  meconium  deposit  out  of  the  anmiatic  fluid  taken 
from  the  colt.) 

The  old  famous  Aphrodisiacuxn  of  the  Greek  au- 
thors. 

StomKch-^Icy  coldness  in  stomach. 

Male  .^Sexual  desire  increased.  Prostatitis 
Drawing  pain  in  testicles. 

Extremities. — Violent  pain  in  wrist.  Paralysis  of 
wrists,  S framed  sensation  in  wHn.  Great  weak- 
ness of  hands  and  fiiigers.  Weakness  in  joints  of 
feet,  knee,  and  soles.  Chorea.  Much  weakness  af- 
ter growing  too  fast. 

Rela  tionship . — Com  pa  re ;  Caustic, 

Dose,— Sixth  to  thirtieth  potency, 

HIPPOZ^NIIfUM. 

(Glanderine-Mailein . ) 

This  powerful  nosode  promises  useful  service  in 
the  treatment  of  oKseiia,  scrofulous  swellings,  pyae- 
mia, erysipelas. 

Nose.  -Red,  swollen.  Catarrh,  ox^na,  ulceration. 
Discharge  acrid,  corroding,  blood y»  offensive.      T«- 


HIPPOKjBNINUM HOMARU3,  3^7 

bercles  on  alse  nasi.     Papules  and  ulcerations  in 
frontal  sinus  and  pharynx. 

Face, — All  glands  swollen;  painful;  form  ab- 
scesses. 

Respiratory. — Hoarseness.  Broncliial  asthma* 
Noisy  breathing;  short,  irregular*  Covigh,  with 
dyspnoea-  Excessive  secretion.  Bronchitis  in  the 
aged ,     Tubercu  losis . 

Skin. — ^Lymphatic  swellings.  Periarticular  non- 
fluctuating  swellings.  Nodules  in  arm.  Malignant 
erysipelas.     Pustules  and   abscesses.     Ulcers. 

RelatiousMp.- — Compare:  Aur.;  Kali  bich.;  Psor.; 
BacilL 

Dose, — ^Thirtieth  potency. 


HOMARUS. 

(Digestive  Fluid  of  Live  Lobster.) 

Dyspepsia,  sore  throat,  and  headache  seem  to  be  a 
combination  that  may  be  controlled  by  this  rennedy. 
Frontal  and  temporal  pain  chiefly,  with  soreness  in 
eyes.  Throat  sore,  faw^  bums,  with  tough  nincus. 
Belching.  Pain  in  stomach  and  abdomen,  better 
after  ea tin g .  [  //<'/» . ;  .4 na^c .]  Chi U iness  and  pain  all 
over.     Itching  of  the  skin. 

Modalities. — Worse,  from  milk,  after  sleep.  Bet- 
ter ^  from  motion. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Sepia;  Asierias;  ^thusa; 
Astacus. 

Dose.— Third  to  sixth  potency. 


|a8  HYDRANrpEA^aYDRASTIS. 

HYDRANGEA. 

(Seven-BarksO 

A  remedy  for  gravel,  profuse  deposit  of  white 
amorphous  salts  in  urine.  Calculus,  renal  colic, 
bloody  urine.     Pain  in  lumbar  region. 

Urine. ^ — ^Burning  in  urethra  and  frequent  desire. 
Urine  hard  to  start.  Heavy  deposit  of  mucus. 
Sharp  pain  in  laiTts,  especially  left.  Great  thirst, 
with  abdominal  symptoms  and  enlarged  prostate. 
IF  err.  pic.;  SabaL] 

Rela  tionship . — Compare :  Lye o pod. ;  Ckinujpk  it . ; 
Berberis;  Pareira;  Uva;  Sabal:  Geum — Water- 
A  vena — ^(aflectians  of  bladder,  with  pains  in  penis; 
worse,  eating). 

Dose . — ^T  Inctare. 


HYDRASTIS. 

{Golden  Seal.) 


4 


Acts  especially  on  mucous  membranes,  relaxing 
them  and  producing  a  thick,  yellowish,  ropy  secre- 
tion. The  catarrh  may  be  an^Tvbtre, — throat,  stom- 
ach, uterus,  urethra,- — it  is  always  characterized  by 
this  peculiar  mucous  discharge.  Hydrastis  is  es- 
pecially active  in  old,  easily*tired  people,  cachectic 
individuals,  with  great  debility.  Enmciation  and 
prostration.  Its  action  on  the  Uver  is  marked,  and 
suits  especially  scrofulous  constitutions.  Cancer 
and  pre-cancerous  state.  Goitre  of  puberty  and 
pregnancy . 

Mind. — Depressed;  sure  of  deaths  and  desires  it. 

Head, — Bull  pressing  frontal  pain,  especially  con- 


HyURASTlB.  $2^ 

nected  with  constipation.  Myalgic  pain  in  scalp 
and  muscles  of  neck.  [Cimtdf.]  Eczema  on  fore- 
head along  line  of  hair. 

l^OEe.^-Tkick,  tenacious  secretion  from  posterior 
nares  to  throat.  Watery,  excoriating  discharge. 
Ozsena,  with  ulceration  of  septum. 

Ears. — Roaring.  Muco-pumlent  discharge*  Deaf- 
ness.    Eustachian  catarrh,  with  high-pitched  voice. 

Mouth. — Peppery  taste.  Tongue  white^  swollen, 
large,  flabby,  shtny;  shows  imprint  of  teeth  [Merc.]] 
as  if  scalded;  stomatitis. 

Throat.^Follicular  pharyngitis.  Raw,  smarting, 
excoriating  sensation.  Hawking  of  yellow,  tena- 
cious mucus.  [Kaii  bich.]  Child  is  aroused  sud- 
denly from  sleep  by  this  tenacious  post-nasal  drop- 
ping. 

Stomach* — Sore  feeUng  in  stomach  more  or  le^a 
constant.  Weak  digestion-  Bitter  taste.  Pain  as 
from  a  hard-cornered  substance.  Gone  feeling. 
Pulsation  in  epigastrium.  Cannot  eat  bread  or  veg- 
etables.    Atonic  dyspepsia*     Ulcers  and  cancer. 

JJnne.^Gleety   discharge.     Urine    smells   decom- 


^ 


Mftte^^-^jonorrhoea,  second  stage;  discharge  thick 
and  yellow. 

Female* — ^Erosion  and  excoriation  of  cervix. 
Leucorrhcea;  worse  after  menses  [Bov.;  Calc.  c.]] 
acrid  and  corroding,  shreddy,  tenacious.  Menor- 
rhagia. Pruritus  vulva? »  with  profuse  leucorrhoea. 
[Cak.c;  Kreos.;  Sep.]  Sexual  excitement.  Tumor 
of  breast;  nipple  retracted. 

Abdomen.— Gas tro-duodenal  catan^i.  Liver  tor- 
pid, tender,     Jaundice.     Gall-stones. 


3S0 


HTDKASTIS. 


Rectum. — Prolapsed ;  anus  fissured.  Constipatwnr 
with  sinking  feeling  in  stomach,  and  dull  headache > 
During  stools  smarting  pain  in  rectum*  After  stool, 
long  lasting  pain.  [NiL  ac*]  Hsemorrhoids;  even  a 
light  flow  exhausts.     Contraction  and  spasm. 

Respiratory. — Chest  raw»  sore,  burnitig.  Dr)% 
harsh  cough.  Bronchial  catarrh »  later  stages. 
Bronchitis  in  old,  exhausted  persons^  with  thick ^  yd- 
l^-uf  tsnaciaus  ejcpectaration.  Frequent  fainty  spells, 
with  cold  sweat  all  over. 

Skin. — Er\iption  like  variola.  Lupus  ■  ulcers^  can- 
cerous formations.  General  tendency  to  proEtse 
perspiration  and  unhealthy  skin. 

Re  lationship , — Antid  ote :  Sulph  * 

Compare:  Kali  hick.;  Coniutn;  Ars.  tod.;  PhytoLi 
Galium  (cancer — nodulated  tumor  of  the  tongue); 
Ast&rias;  Siann.;  Puis. 

Useful  after  too  much  Chlorate  of  Potash  for  sore 
throat. 

Compare:  Hydtastinufn  nmriatictmi — -Muriate  of 
Hydrastia^  Locally,  about  one  grain  to  one  ounce 
of  water,  in  aphthous  sore  mouthy  ulcers,  ulcerated 
sore  throat,  ozsena,  etc.  Internally,  third  dec.  trit,. 
in  dilatation  of  the  stomachs 

Hydrastininum — a  modification  o!  Hydrastmum. 
(A  remedy  for  hemorrhages,  fibroid  tmnors.  Met- 
rorrhagia.    Third  dec.  trit,) 

Marrubium  —  Hoarhotmd  —  (chronic  bronchitis, 
dyspepsia,  and  hepatic  disorders;  colds  and  coughs). 

DoBe, — Tincture,  to  thirtieth  attenuation.  Lo- 
cally, colorless  Hydrastis,  mother  tincture,  or  fluid 
extract. 


aYDRQCOTYLB ^H YD RO CYANIC   ACID,  33 1 


HYDROCOTYLE. 

(Indian  PennjniFOTt. ) 

Has  coasiderable  reputation  in  leprosy  and  lupus. 
The  skin  symptoms  are  very  important.     Of  great 
'  use  in  ulceration  of  womb*     Difficulty  in  maintain- 
ing the  upright  posture.     Very  copious  perspiration. 
Pains  of  cervical  cancer. 

Face, — Paiii  in  left  cheek-bones,  and  about  orbits. 

Female. — Pruritus  of  vagitia..       Inflammation  of 

neck  of  bladder.      Heat  wttkin  vagina.     Granular  ttl- 

l  cer  of  woptb.       Profuse  leucorrhoea.     Dull  pain  in 

ovarian  region.  Cervical  redness. 
'  Skin. — Dry  eruptions.  Great  tkickening  of  ept- 
dennoid  lay^  and  exfoliation  of  scales.  Psoriasis. 
Pustules  on  chest.  Circular  spots,  with  scaly  edges. 
Intolerable  itching,  especially  of  soles.  Profuse  sweat. 
I  Syphilitic  affections.  Acne.  Leprosy.  Elephan- 
tiasis.   [Hydrocot.:  Ars.] 

Relationship.— Compare :    Hura^  Hoang-Nan,  (re- 
moves fetor  and  hjemorrhage  in  cancer,  follows  At- 
.  senic,  revives  the  healing  process.     Leprosy.)  Ehsis, 
in  leprosy;  Hydrast.;  Arsenic;  Atirum;  5epia. 
Dose. — Lower  potencies. 

^^^^.  HYBROCYANIC    ACm. 

'^^^^y  (Prussie  Acitt.) 

r  Convulsions  and  paralysis  express  the  action  of 
this  remedy.  Spasmodic  constriction  in  larynx, 
feeling'  of  suflfocation,  pain  and  tightness  in  chest, 
palpitation;  pulse  weak,  irregular.  Sinking  sensa- 
tion oi  ^  epigastrium.     Hysterical  and   epvW^VW 


332         HVDROCVANJC    AClD HVPltOPHOBtNUM. 

convulsions.  Cyanosis.  Collapse,  Catalepsy* 
Cholera.       Stage  of  collapse*     [Ats.;   VeraL} 

Mind. — Unconscious.  Wild  delirium.  Fear  of 
imaginary  troubles. 

Head. — ^ Violent  stupefying  headache.  Brain  feels 
on  fire.  Pupils  motionless  or  dilated.  Supraor- 
bital neuralgia,  with  flushing  on  same  side  of  face. 

Face.— Jaws  clenched  in  rigid  spasm.  Froths  at 
mouth.     Pale,  bluish  lips. 

Stomach. — ^Tongue  cold.  Drink  rumbles  through 
throat  aftd  stofnach.  Gastralgia;  worse  when  stomach 
is  empty.  Great  sinking  at  pit  of  stomach.  Pulsa- 
tive  pain  in  praecordial  region. 

Respiratory. — Noisy  and  agitated  breathing.  Dry. 
spasmodic t  suffocating  cough*  Asthmai  with  con- 
traction of  throat.  Whooping-cough.  Paralysis  of 
lungs.    [Asp-idos.i 

Heart *^Violent  palpitation.  Pulse  weakj  irregu- 
iar.  Cold  extremities.  Torturing  pain  in  chest, 
Angina  pectoris*     [SpigeL;  Oxal.  ac,] 

Sleep* — Yawning,  with  shivering.  Irresistible 
drowsiness  r     Vivid,  incoherent  dreams. 

Relationship*- — Antidotes:  Amnwn.;  Camp,;  Opi- 
Compare:    dcuta;  CEnanike;  Comph.;  Lauroc. 

Dose.— Third  to  thirtieth  potency. 

HTDROPHOBmUM. 

(Lyssin — Saliva  of  Rabid  Dog.) 

Affects  principally  the  nerv^ous  system;  aching  in 
bones.  Complaints  from  abnormal  sexual  desire. 
Convulsions  brought  on  by  dazzling  light  or  sight  ui 
running  water. 


^ 


HYDROPHOaiNUM KYOSCYAMUS.  ^^$ 

Mind. — Lyssophobia  J  fear  of  becoming  mad. 
Emotion  and  bad  news  aggravate;  also,  thinking  of 
duids*      Hyper  sensitiveness  of  all  senses. 

Mouth, — Constant  spitting;  saliva  totigh,  viscid. 
Sore  throat;  constant  desire  to  swallow,  which  is 
difficult;  gagging  when  s^'^allowing  water.  Froths 
at  mouth. 

Male.- — Lascivious;  priapism,  with  frequent  emis- 
sions. No  emission  during  coition.  Atrophy  of 
testicles.     Complaints  from  abnormal  sexual  desire. 

Fem&le. — Uterine  sensitiveness;  conscious  of 
wom.b.  [Melon.]  Feels  prolapsed.  Vagina  sensi- 
tive, rendering  coition  painful.     [Berberis.] 

Respiratory. — Voice  altered  in  tone.  Breathing 
held  for  a  time.  Spasmodic  contraction  of  respira- 
tory muscles. 

Stool. ^Desire  for  stool  on  hearing  or  seeing  run- 
ning water*  Profuse,  watery  stools,  with  pain  in 
bowels;  worse,  evening.  Constant  desire  to  urinate 
on  seeing  running  water. 

Modalities.— T^tJf^^,  sight  or  sound  of  running 
water  or  pouring  water,  or  even  thinking  of  fluids ; 
da  staling  or  reflected  light ;  heat  of  sun ;  stooping. 

Relationship.^ — Compare:  Canthr,  BelL;  Strom.; 
Lack.;  Nat,  nmr. 

Dose*— Thirtieth  potency. 

HYOSCYAMUS, 

(HeabauG.) 

Disturbs  the  nervous  system  profoundly.  It  is  as 
if  some  diabolical  force  took  possession  of  the  brain 
and  prevented  its  functions.     It  causes  a  petlect  ^\c.- 


114  UVOSCYAMUS, 

ture  oi  fnania  of  a  quarrelsome  and  obscene  characier* 
IticUned  to  be  unseemly  and  immodest  in  acts,  ges- 
tures,  and  expressions.  Very  talkative^  and  perasts 
in  stripping  herself  or  uncovering  genitals.  Is 
jealous,  afraid  of  being  poisoned^  etc.  Its  symp- 
toms also  point  to  weakness  and  nervous  agtiation; 
hence  typhoid  with  coma  mgiL  Muscular  twitch- 
ings,  spasmodic  affections,  generally  with  delirium, 
Non -inflammatory  cerebral  activity.    Toxic  gastritis. 

Mind,— Very  suspicious.  Talkative,  obscene, 
jealous,  absurd,  foolish.  Great  hilarity;  inclined  to 
laugh  at  everytktng.  Delirium,  with  attempt  to  run 
away. 

Head. — Ft  els  light.  Vertigo,  as  if  intoxicated. 
Brain  feels  loose,  fluctuating.  Inflammation  of 
brain,  with  unconsciousness;  bead  is  shaken  to  and 
fro. 

Eyes.— Pupils  dilated,  sparkling,  fixed.  Eyes 
open,  but  does  not  pay  attention;  downcast  and 
dull,  fixed.  Strabismus,  Spasmodic  closing  of 
lids.       Diplopia.     Objects  have  colored  borders. 

Mouth.— Tongue  dry,  red,  cracked;  protruded 
with  difficulty;  speech  impaired.  Foams  at  mouth. 
Teeth  covered  with  sordes. 

Throat,— Stinging  dryness.  Constriction.  Can- 
not  swallow  liquids.      Uvula  elongated. 

Stomach. — Hiccough,  eructations  empty*  bitter. 
Nausea,  with  vertigo*  Vomiting,  with  convulsions; 
h^matemtsis ;  violent  cramps*  relieved  by  vomiting ; 
burning  in  stomach ;  epigastrium  tender.  After  ir- 
ritating food. 

Abdomen. — Colic,  as  if  abdomen  woidd  burst. 
Distention.       Colic,  with  vomiting,  belching,  hie- 


1 


HYOSCYAMUS.  335 

cough,  screaming*  Tympanites*  Red  spots  on  ab- 
domen* 

Stool. — -Diarrhceat  colicky  pains;  involuntary,  ag- 
gravated by  mental  excitement  or  during  sleep. 
Diarrhoea  during  the  lying-in  period. 

Urine, — Involuntary,  Bladder  paralyzed.  Has 
no  will  to  urinate.     [Caust]     Retention  of  urine. 

Hale. — Impotence.  Lascivious;  exposes  his  per- 
son; plays  with  genitals  during  fever. 

Female. ^Before  menses,  hysterical  spasms.  Ex- 
cited sexual  desire.  During  menses,  convulsive 
movements,  urinary  flux  and  sweat.  Lochia  sup- 
pressed. Spasms  of  pregnant  women.  Ptierperal 
mania. 

Chest. — Suffocating  fits.  Spasm,  forcing  bend* 
ing  forward.  Dry  spasmodic  cottgk  at  night  {worse 
lying  down;  better  sitting  up),  from  itcliing  in  the 
throat,  as  if  uvula  were  too  long.     Hfemoptysis. 

Ixtremities, — Picking  ai  bed-clothes;  plays  with 
hands;  reaches  out  for  things.  Epileptic  attacks 
ending  in  deep  sleep.  Spasms  and  convulsions. 
Cramps  in  calves  and  toes.  Child  sobs  and  cries 
without  waking. 

Sleeps — Intense  sleeplessness.  Sopor,  with  con- 
vulsions.    Starts  tirp  frightened.     Coma  vigiL 

Herves.^-Great  restlessness;  every  muscle  twitches. 
Will  not  be  covered. 

Modalities. — Worse,  at  night,  during  menses,  after 
eating,  when  lying  down.     Better,  stooping. 

Relationship  .^Antidotes:  BelL;  Cam  ph. 

Compare:  Bellad.;  Stram.;  Agaric.;  Gels.;  Hyos- 
cyanitnnm  sulph^ 

Mytm^M  hydrobrom.    (Paralysis  agitans ;  tremors  oi 


HYOSCYAMUS — RTPERrciTM, 

disseminated  sclerosis.  Sleeplessness  and  nervous 
agitation.  Dry  cough  in  phthisis.  Third  and  fotirth 
dec.  trituration.) 

Dose. — Tincture ^  to  aooth  potency. 

HYPERICXm. 
(St.  Jo!aji»s  Wort.) 

The  great  remedy  for  injuries  to  nerves.  Excess- 
ive painfuhiess  is  &  guiding  symptom  to  its  use*  Pre- 
vents lockjaw.  Punctured  wounds*  After  opera- 
tions* Spasms  after  every  injury.  Has  an  import- 
ant action  on  the  rectum ;  hemorrhoids. 

Hind. — Feels  as  if  lifted  high  in  air,  or  anxiety  lest 
he  fall  from  heights. 

Head. — Heavy;  feels  as  if  touched  by  an  tcy-cdd 
hand^  Throbbing  in  vertex;  worse  in  close  room. 
Right  side  of  face  aches.  Brain-fag  and  neurasthe- 
nia [Pterin  acid],  with  sadness.  Head  feels  longer — 
elongated  to  a  point.  Brain  feels  alive.  Pains  in 
eyes  and  ears. 

Stomach, — Craving  for  wine.  Thirst,  nausea. 
Tongue  coated  white  at  base^  tip  clean.  Feeling  of 
lump  in  stomach*     [Abies  nig.;  Bry^] 

Rectum* — Urging,  dry*  dull,  pressing  pain.  Hmm- 
orrhoids,  with  pain,  bleeding,  and  tenderness. 

Back, — Pain  in  nape  of  neck.  Pressure  over  sa- 
crum.    Spinal  concussion. 

Extremities. — Darting  pain  in  shoulders.  Pres- 
sure along  ulnar  side  of  arm.  Cramp  in  calves.  Pain 
in  toes  and  fingerst  especially  in  tips.  Crawling  in 
hands  atid  feet.  Lancinating  pain  in  upper  and 
lower  limbs.     Neuritis,  with  tingUngt  burning  pain, 


HYPERICUM IBITRIS.  337 

nunibTiesa,  and  glossy  skin.  Hysterical  joints.  Tet- 
anus.    [Physost.;  Kali  brom.] 

Modalities .^ — Worse^  in  a  fog;  in  close  room;  least 
exposure.     Better,  bending  head  backward . 

Relationship. — Compare:  Arnica;  Staphis;  Ca- 
lend.;  Ruta;  Coff. 

Antidotes:    Ars.;  Cham^ 

Dose. — ^Tinctore,  to  thirtieth  potency. 

IBERIS. 
(Bitter  Candytuft,) 

State  of  nervous  excitement.  Has  marked  action 
upon  the  heart.  Controls  vascular  excitement  in 
hypertrophy  with  thickening  of  the  heart's  walls. 
Cardiac  debility  after  influenza.  Liver  region  full 
and  painful.     White  stools. 

Mind> — Sad  and  sighing;  fearful  and  trembling. 

Head.— Hot »  flushed  face.  Vertigo,  as  if  occiput 
were  turning  around ;  eyes  feel  forced  outwards. 

Heart,— Palpitation,  imth  vertigo  and  choking  in 
ihroaL  Stitching  pains  in  cardiac  region.  Pulse 
ftdlt  irreguljVf  inierntiitcnt.  Worse^  least  motion  and 
in  warm.  room.  Sensation  of  weight  and  pressure, 
with  occasional  sharps  stinging  pains.  DrOf^y,  with 
enlarged  heart.  Violent  palpitation  induced  by 
slightest  exertion  or  by  laughing  or  coughing.  Dart- 
ing pains  through  heart. 

Extremities, ^Numbness  and  tingling  in  left  hand 
and  arm.  Whole  body  sore  and  lame  and  trem- 
bling. 

Modalities, — Worse,  lying  down;  on  left  side;  mo- 
tion *  exertion. 


338  IBBRIS — -ICHTHYOLUM, 

Relation&hip,— <^ojiipare:       Cact^;    Dig.;    AfftyL; 
Bdl. 
Dose ,  ^T  inc  ture. 


ICHTHYOLUM,  * 

(A    fossil    product   of    complex   structure    found 
Tyrol,  supposed  to  be  fi:sh  deposits,) 

Its  action  on  skin,  mucous  membranes^  and  kid- 
neys is  prompt  and  useful,  ^Excellent  in  winter 
coughs  of  old  people  H  Chronic  rheumatLsm.  Uric 
acid  diathesis.     Hay-fever.     Chronic  hives. 

Mind, — Irritable  and  depressed. 

Head.— Dull,  aching;  better  cold  pressure. 

Eyes. — -Burn,  red;  worse,  any  change  of  temper- 
ature. 

Nose. — Bland  coryza;  stuffed  feeling;  feels  sore  in- 
side. 

Stomach. — ^Disagreeable  taste,  burning  sensation, 
very  thirsty.     Nausea.     Increased  appetite. 

Abdomen. — Disposition  to  soft  shapeless  stools*. 

Urine, — Increased  in  quantity  and  frequency. 

F^nial^. — Fullness  in  lower  abdomen.  Nausea 
at  time  of  menses. 

Respiratory. — Coryaa;  dry^  teasing  cough.  Bron- 
chiectasis and  phthisis.  Bronchitis,  especially  of  the 
aged. 

Skin.— Heat  and  irritation;  itching.  Scaly  and 
itching  eczema.  Crops  of  boils.  Pruritus  of  preg- 
nancy. 

Relationship,— Compare  I  Hepar;  Calc,;  Stlka; 
Sulph.;  Ars.;  Petrol 


ICHTHYOLUM— IGNATIA.  3^9 

Dose. — Lower  potencies. 

Externally^  it  is  used  as  an  ointment,  with  Lano- 
line  20  to  50  per  centn,  for  chrottic  eczema  and 
psoriasis,  also  acne  rosacea  and  gouty  joints. 


IGNATIA. 

(St.  Ignatius  Bean,) 

Produces  a  marked  hyperaesthesia  of  all  the  senses 
and  a  tendency  to  clonic  spasms.  Mentally,  the  emo- 
tiottal  elem&nt  is  appemtost  arid  coordinatimi  of  ftmc- 
tion  ts  interfered  •wilk.  Hence  it  is  one  of  the  chief 
remedies  for  hysteria.  It  is  especially  adapted  to 
the  nervous  temperament, — women  of  sensitive^ 
easily  excited  nature,  dark,  mild  disposition,  quick 
to  perceive,  rapid  in  execution.  Rapid  change  of 
mental  and  physical  condition,  opposite  to  each 
other.  Great  contradictions.  The  superficial  and 
erratic  character  of  its  symptoms  is  most  character- 
istic. Cannot  bear  tobacco.  Pain  in  small  circum- 
scribed spots*     [Oxal.  ac,\     The  plague. 

Mind. — Changeable  mood;  introspective;  silently 
brooding.  Melancholic,  sad,  tearfvil.  Not  com- 
municative. Sighing  and  sobbing.  After  shocks, 
grief,  disappointment. 

Head. — Feels  hollow,  heavy;  worse^  stoop  in  gi 
Headache  as  if  a  nail  were  driven  out  through  the 
side.  Cramp-like  pain  over  root  of  nose.  Con- 
gestive headaches  following  anger  or  grief;  •mofse, 
smoking  or  smelling  tobacco^  inclines  head  forward, 

Ejes. — Asihenj^pia^  with  spasms  of  Hds  and  neu- 
ralgic pain  about  eyes,  [Nai.  «*,]  Fhckering  mg- 
mgs. 


I 


340  IGNATIA. 

Fac«* — Timtching  of  muscles  of  :^ce  and  lix'S- 
Changefi  color  when  at  rest. 

Hon  til. — Soitr  taste.  Easily  bites  inside  of  teeth. 
Constantly  full  of  saliva.  Toothache;  worse  after 
drinking  coffee  and  smoking. 

Throat, — Peeling;  of  a  lump  in  throat  that  can- 
not be  swallowed.  Sore  throat;  stitches  when  not 
swallowing ;  better,  eating  something  solid.  Stitches 
between  acts  of  swallowing.  Stitches  extend  to  ear. 
[Hep,]     Tonsils  inflamed,  swollen,  with  small  iticers. 

Stooiach. — Sour  eructation.  All-gone  feeling  in 
stomach;  tnuch  flatulence;  hiccough*  Cramps  in 
stomach;  worse,  slightest  contacts  Averse  to  ordi- 
nary diet;  longs  for  great  variety  of  indigestible 
articles.  Sinking  in  stomachy  relieved  by  taking  a 
deep  breath. 

Abdomen. — Rumbhng  in  bowels.  Weak  feeling  in 
upper  abdomen.  Throbbing  in  abdomen.  {Alo€; 
Sang,} 

Rectum,— Itching  and  stitching  up  the  rectiim. 
Prolapse,  Stools  pass  with  difficulty ;  painful  consiric' 
lion  of  anus  after  slooL  Stitches  in  haemorrhoids 
during  cough.  Diarrhoea  from  fright.  Stitches 
from  anus  deep  into  rectum..  HEemorrhage  and 
pain;  worse  when  stool  is  loose.  Pressure  as  of  a 
sharp  instrument  from  wiihin  outward. 

Urine. — Profuse^  watery,     [Phos,  ac.] 

Respiratory. — Dry,  spasmodic  cough  in  quick  suc- 
cessive shocks.  Reflex  coughs.  Coughing  increases 
the  desire  to  cough*     Mtich  sighing. 

Female. — Menses  blat^k,  too  early,  too  profuse,  or 
scanty.     During  menses  great  languor »  with  spas- 


r 


IGNATIA — ILEX    AQUlFOLIUM^tLLICIUM.        34I 

modic  pains  in  stamach  and  abdomen.  Suppression 
from  grief. 

E^ctremities,- — ^Jerking  of  limbs.  Pain  in  tendo 
Achilles  and  calf.     Ulcerative  pain  in  soles* 

Sleep. — Very  light.  Jerking  of  limbs  on  going  to 
sleep.  Insomnia  from  grief,  cares »  with  itching  of 
arms  and  violent  yawning.  Dreams  continuing  a 
long  time,  troubling  him. 

Fever*— Chill,  with  thirst;  not  relieved  by  ex- 
ternal heat.  During  fever,  itching;  nettle-rash  all 
over  body* 

Skin. — Itching,  nettle-rash.  Very  sensitive  to 
draught  of  air*  Excoriation  especially  around 
vagina  and  mouth. 

Modalities. — Worse^  in  the  morning,  open  air,  after 
mealsi  coffee,  smoking »  liquors,  external  warmth. 
Belter,  while  eating,  change  of  position* 

Relfl  tionship .  —Compare :  Zfnc\ ;  Kali  pkas. ;  Sep .  ; 
Cifnicif. 

Incompatible:    Coffm;  Nux;  Tabnc, 

Antidotes:     Puis.;  Cham,;  Voce. 

Dose. — Tincture,  to  aooth  potency. 

ILEX    AQUIFOLIUM. 

(Holly.) 

Symptoms  better  in  winter.  Rheutnatic  inflam* 
mat  ion  of  eye.     Nightly  burning  pain  in  orbits. 

ILLICIUM. 

(Anise.) 

Should  be  remembered  in  the  treatment  of  flatu- 
lent conditions.     So-called  three-months  cohc,  eape- 


343  ILLICXUM — INDIGO. 

dally  if  it  recurs  at  regular  hours ;  much  rumblmg  in 
abdomen.  One  symptom  is  worthy  of  special  re- 
membrance,— pain  in  region  oj  ikird  rib^  about  an 
incb  or  two  from  the  sternum,  generally  on  right 
side,  but  occasionally  on  left.  Frequent  cough  with 
this  pain.  Purulent  tracheal  and  gastric  catarrh  of 
old  drunkards.     Old  asthmatics. 

Nose. — Sharp  stitches  beneath  lip.  Acute  catarrh 
Burning  and  numbness  of  inner  lower  lip. 

Respiratory,— Dyspnoea,  Pain  near  third  inter- 
costal cartilage.  Cough,  with  pus -like  phlegm.  Pal- 
pitation, with  aphthae.     Haemoptysis. 

Dose, — Third  potency. 


i 


mBIGO, 

(Indigo — Bye  -stuff, ) 

Marked  action  on  the  nervous  system^  and  of  un- 
doubted benefit  in  the  treatment  of  epilepsy  with 
great  sadness.  Excited  mood  and  desire  to  be  busy. 
Neurasthenia  and  hysteria.  Ptire  powdered  Indigo 
placed  on  the  wound  cures  snake  poison.  l^Golon- 
drina,] 

Head. — Vertigo,  with  nausea.  Convulsions. 
Sensation  of  a  band  around  forehead.  Undulating 
sensation  through  whole  head.  Gloomy;  cries  at 
night.  Hair  feels  pulled  from  vertex.  Head  feels 
frozen. 

Hose,— Excessive  sneezing  and  bleeding  from  nose* 

Ears. — Pressure  and  roarings 

Stomach. — Metallic  taste,  Eru^taii^ns.  Bloating, 
Anorexia.     Flushes  of  heat  rising  from  stomach  to 


IKBIGO INDIUM,  343 

Urinary* — Constant  desire  to  urinate.  Urine  tttr- 
bid.     Catarrh  of  bladder. 

Rectum,— Falling  of  rectum.  Arotised  at  night 
with  horrible  itching  at  anus. 

Kxtremities, — Sciatica.  Boring  pain  in  knee- 
joint;  better,  walking.  Pain  in  limbs  worse  after 
every  meal. 

Nerves.- — Hysterical  symptoms  where  pain  pre- 
dominates. Excessive  nervous  irritation.  Epilepsy; 
flashes  of  heat  from  abdomen  to  head ;  fit  begins 
with  dizzuiess.  Anra  from  a  painful  spot  between 
shoulders.     Reflex  spasms  from  worms. 

Modalities. — Worse^  during  rest  and  sitting.  Bet- 
ter ^  pressure,  rubbing,  motion. 

Bose. — Third  to  thirtieth  potency. 

INDIUM, 

(The  Metal  Indium,) 

Headaches  and  migraine.     Seminal  emissions. 

Head, — Pain  in  head  when  straining  at  stool. 
Dull  pain  in  temples  and  forehead,  with  nausea, 
weakness,  sleepiness.  Gone  feeling  in  stomach  about 
II  A.  M.  Violent  attack  of  sneezing.  Sexual  psy- 
chopathy. 

Face, — Painful  suppurating  pimples.  Corners  of 
mouth  cracked  and  sore.     [Condur^ 

Male. — Horribly  offensive  smell  of  urine  after 
standing  a  short  time.  Emissions  too  frequent. 
Diminished  power.  Testicles  tender;  drawing  p^ins 
along  spermatic  cord. 

Extremities,— Sti£fne5s   %n   neck   and   ahottMetBi, 


344  JNDIUM INULA — -tODOFORMUlf. 

Pain^    especially   in    left   arm.     Legs    restless   and 
weary.     Toes  itch,     [^gor.] 
Dose,— Sixth  to  200th  potency. 

INULA. 
(Scabwort.) 

Bearing-down  sensations  in  pelvic  organs  and 
bronchial  symptoms  are  most  marked. 

Respiratory, — -Dry  cough;  worse  at  night  and 
lying  down;  lar3rnx  painfuL  Chronic  bronchitis; 
cough,  with  much  thick  expectoration,  with  languor 
and  weak  digestion.     Stitches  behind  sternum. 

Female. — Menses  too  early  and  painfuL  Labor- 
like pains,  urging  to  stool;  dragging  in  genitals^  with 
violent  backache.  Itching  of  legs  during  menses, 
Movings  about  in  abdomcji^  stitches  in  genitals. 

Rectum. — Pressing  toward  rectum  as  o£  some- 
thing extruding. 

Urinary. — Frequent  urging  to  urinate^  passes  only 
in  drops,     Violet  odor,     [Tereb.] 

Relationship. — Compare:  Crocus;  Ignatta;  A  runt 
draconlhtfn  (loose  cough  worse  at  night  on  lying 
down). 

Dose. — First  to  third  potency. 

lODOFORMUM. 

(Iodoform.) 

Should  not  be  forgotten  in  the  treatment  of  tuber- 
cular meningitis,  both  as  a  local  application  to  the 
head  and  internally,     [BaeiL]     Tiiberculous  candt- 

Head^^Sharp  neuralgic  pain.  Head  feels  beaTy, 
as  if  it  could  not  be  lifted  from  pillow.     Itching  of 


i 


IODOFORM  LI  M lODUM.  J45 

occiput.       Meningiiis*     Sleep  intemipted  by  sigh- 
ing and  cries P     Scaphoid  abdomen.     Very  drowsy. 

Eyes, — Pupils  dilated;  contract  unequally;  react 
poorly*     Diplopia. 

Chest. — Sore  pain  in  apex  of  right  lung^*  Peeling 
of  a  weight  on  chest,  as  if  smothering.  Cough  and 
wheezing  on  going  to  bed.  Pain  in  left  breast,  lite 
a  hand  grasping  at  the  base  of  the  heart.  Haem- 
optysis.    Asthmatic  breathing. 

Abdomen. — Chronic  diarrhoea,  with  suspected  tn- 
berculosisK  Abdomen  distended  ;  mesenteric  glands 
enlarged.  Cholera  infantufn.  Chronic  diarrhtra; 
siooLs  greenish,  watery,  undigested,  with  irritable  tem- 
per. 

Extremities.— Legs  weak  \  cannot  stand  and  walk 
with  eyes  closed.  Weakness  of  knees  when  going 
up-stairs. 

Dose. — Second  trituration.  Three  grains  on  the 
back  of  the  tongue  will  relieve  attack  of  asthmatic 
breathing. 

lODUM.  I 

(Iodine,) 

Ajcute  catarrh  of  all  mucous  membranes,  rapid 
emaciation,  notw^ithstanding  good  appetite,  and 
glandular  atrophy  call  for  this  remedy  in  tiumerons 
wasting  diseases  and  in  scrofulous  patients.  Acute 
affections  of  the  respiratory  organs.  Iodine  is  warm, 
and  wants  cool  surroundings.  Weakness  and  loss 
of  breath  going  up-stairs.     Adenotd  vegetations. 

Mind. — Anxiety  wh^n  quiet.  Sudden  impulse  to 
do    violence.     Forgetful.     Must    be   busy. 

Head, — Throbbing;  rush  of  blood,  and  feeling  of  a 
tight  band.     Vertigo;  worse  from  stooping,  woi^e.  \tl 


r 


346  lODUM* 

waxm  room.     Chronic  congestive  headaches  of  ol| 
people.     [Phos.] 

■  Eye«. — Violent    liichrymation.        Pain    in    eyes." 
Pupils  dilated.     Constant  motion  of  eyeballs. 

Ears. — Sensitive    to    noise.     Catarrhal    deafness. 
Buzzing  in  ears,  due  to  closure  of  eustachian  tube^^^ 
[KaU  miiT,;  Puis,\  '^| 

Nose. — Sneezings         Sudden    violent    influenzas. 
Hot  watery  discharge.     Pain  at  root  of  nose  and 
frontal  sinus.     Nose  stopped  up.     Tendency  to  ul^H 
ceration.     Loss  of  smelL  ^H 

Throat. — -Larynx  feels  constricted.  Eustachian 
deafness.  Thyroid  enlarged.  [Fucus.]  Swollen 
submaxillary  glands.     Uvula  swollen. 

Mouth,— Gums  loose  and  bleed  easily.  Foul 
ulcers  and  salivation.  Profuse  fetid  ptyalism. 
Tongue  thickly  coated.    Offensive  o<lor  from  mouth. 

Stomach. — Throbbing  at  pit  of  stomach.  Raven- 
ous hunger  and  much  thirst.  Empty  eructations,  as 
if  every  particle  of  food  were  turned  into  gas.  Anx- 
ious and  worried  if  he  does  not  eat.  {Cina;  Suifh^ 
Loses  flesh,  yet  hungry  and  eating  well.     [.45rc>t.] 

Abdomen.- — Liver  and  spleen  sore  and  enlarged. 
Jaundice.  Mesenteric  glands  enlarged.  Pancreatic 
disease.     Cutting  pain  in  abdomen. 

Stool. — H.Temorriiage  at  every  stooL  Diarrhoea, 
whitish,  frothy t  fatty.  Constipation,  with  ineffect- 
ual urging;  better  by  drinking  cold  milk.  Constipa- 
tion alternating  with  diarrhoea.     [Ant.  crj 

Urine.— Frequent  and  copious^  dark  ydlow-green 
[Bovista],  thick,  acrid,  with  cuticle  on  surface* 

Maie. — Testicles   swollen  and   indurated.        Hy- 
drocGle.    Loss  of  se  xual  pow  er ,  mX-V  aX.TQi^\v\ftd  test^ 


lODUM. 


347 


Female.— Great  weakness  during  menses.  [Alum.; 
Carbo  an.;  CoccuL;  Hmmatox,]  Menstruation  irreg- 
ular .  Uterine  h aeraorrh age .  Ovaritis^  [  A  pis;  Bell , ; 
Loch]  Wedge4ik€  pmn  front  ovary  to  uterus.  Dwind - 
ling  of  mavnmary  glands.  NodosLitiea  m  skin  of  mam- 
HUE.  Acrid  leucorrhoea,  thick^  slimy »  corroding  the 
linen. 

Respiratory. — Hoarse.  Raw  and  tickling  feeling 
provoking  a  dry  cough*  Pain  in  larynx.  Laryn- 
gitis, with  painful  roughness;  worse  during  cough. 
Child  grasps  throat  when  coughing.  Croup  in  scrof- 
ulous children  with  dark  hair  and  eyes.  [^Brmn.  op- 
posite.] Inspiration  difficult.  Dry  morning  cough 
from,  tickling  in  larynx.  Croupy  cough,  with  diffi- 
cult respiration*  wheezy.  Cold  extends  downwards 
from  head  to  throat  and  bronchi.  Great  weakness 
about  chest.  Palpitation  from  least  exertion. 
Heart  feels  squeezed.  Pleuritic  effusion.  Tickling 
all  over  chest. 

Extremities. — ^Joints  inJlamed  and  painful.  Pain 
in  bones  at  night.  White  swelling.  Gonorrhoea  1 
rheumatism.  Cold  hands  and  feet.  Acrid  sw^eat  of 
feet.     Pulsation  in  large  arterial  trunks, 

Skin,^ — Hot,  dry,  yellowy  and  withered-  Glands 
enlarged.     Nodosities.     Anasarca  of  cardiac  disease. 

Fever .■ — Flushes  of  heat  all  over  body.  Marked 
fever,  restlessness,  red  cheeks »  apathetic-  Profuse 
sweat. 

Modalities.^Worje,  when  quiet,  in  warm  room 
Better,  walking  about,  in  open  air. 

Relationship. — Antidotes ;   Hepar;  Stilph, 

Complementary :  Lycopod. 

Compare:        Brom.;     Hepar;    Mercur.;    Arscnv., 


34S  lODXJM^ — IPECACUANHA. 

Fhospk.      Atropliy,  notwithstanding  good  appetite. 
Ahrol.;  Nat,  mur.;  Sandc.;  Tuberc. 

Dose. — 'The  crude  drug  in  saturated  solution  may 
be  required-  Third  to  thirtieth  potency.  lodu- 
retted  solution  of  Potass,  jod  (35  grains  Potassa  and 
4  grains  Iodine  to  i  ox.  of  water,  10  drops  three  tiroes 
a  day)  expels  tapeworms  dead. 

IPECACUAHHA, 
(Ipecac-Root.) 

The  chief  action  is  on  the  ramifications  of  the 
pneumogastric  nerve,  producing  spasmodic  inrita- 
tion  in  chest  and  stomach.  Morphia  habit.  The 
principal  feature  of  Ipecacuanha  is  its  perm  stmt 
nausea  and  vomiting,  which  form  the  chief  guiding 
symptoms.  Indicated  after  indigestible  food,  rais- 
ins, cake,  etc.  Especially  indicated  in  fat  chtldren 
and  adults  who  are  feeble  and  catch  cold  in  relaxing 
atmosphere,  wann,  moist  weather.  Spasmodic  af- 
fections.    Haemorrhages  bright-red  and  profuse. 

Mind, — Irritable;  holds  everything  in  contempt. 
Full  of  desires,  for  what  they  know  not. 

Head. — Bones  of  skull  feel  crushed  or  bruised. 
Pain  extends  to  teeth  and  root  of  tongue. 

Eyes. — Inflamed,  red.  Pain  through  eyeballs. 
Profuse  lachr>^mation.     Cornea  dim. 

Face. — Blue  rings  aroufid  eyes.  Periodical  or- 
bital neuralgia,  with  Jachrymation,  photophobia, 
and  smarting  eyelids. 

Hoae. — Coryza,  with  stoppage  of  nose  and  nausea. 
EpistaKis, 

Stomach. — Tongue  usually  dean.  Mouth  moist; 
much  saliva.     Constant  nausea  and  vomiting,  with 


IPECACUANHA.  349 

pale  twitching  face*     Vomits  foodj  bile,  bloody  mti- 
cus*     Stomach  feels  relaxed,  as  if  hanging  down. 

Abdomen.^-Cutting*  clutching;  worse  arotind  the 
naveL     Body  rigid ;  stretched  out  stiff. 

Stooto. — 'Pitch 'like,  green  as  grass,  like  frothy  mo- 
lasseSt  with  griping  at  navel.     Dysenteric,  slimy. 

Female. — Uterine  hemorrhage,  profuse ^  brighit 
gu shift g,  with  nausea.  Vomiting  during  pregnancy, 
[  A  ni .  i . ;  A  rg.n. ;  Nux  v. ;  Tabac . ;  Sep. ;  Sulpk.  ]  Pain 
from  navel  to  uterus.  Menses  too  early  and  too  pro- 
fuse. 

Respiratory. — Dyspnoea;  constant  construimn  in 
chest.  Asthma*  Yearly  a^ttacks  of  difficult  short- 
ness of  breathing.  Continued  sneezing;  coryza; 
wheezing  cough.  Cough  i-ncessant  and  violent y  with 
every  breath.  Chest  seenas  full  of  phlegm,  but  does 
not  yield  to  coughing.  Bubbling  rales.  Suffocative 
cough;  child  becomes  stiff  and  bine  in  the  face. 
Whooping-cough,  with  nosebleed  and  from  mouth. 
Bleeding  from  lungs,  with  nausea;  feeling  of  con- 
striction' rattling  cough.  Croup*  Haemoptysis 
from  slightest  exertion,  [Millef.]  Hoarseness^  es- 
pecially at  end  of  a  cold.     Inflammatory  aphonia. 

Fever, — Intermittent  fever,  irregular  cases,  after 
Quinine.  Slight  chilly  with  mnch  heat,  nausea,  vom- 
iting, and  dyspnoea.     Relapses  from  improper  diet. 

Sleep.^With  eyes  half  open.  Shocks  in  all  limbs 
on  going  to  sleep,     [Ign.] 

Extrenilties. — Body  stretched  stiffs  followed  by 
spasmodic  jerking  of  arms  towards  each  other. 

Skin.- — Pale,  lax.  Blue  around  eyes.  Miliary 
rash. ' 


k 


3  go  IPECACUANHA — ^IRIDlUM — iRtS    VBRSl, 

Modalities, — -Wttrse,  periodically;  from  veal,  moist 
warm  wind,  lying  down. 

Relationship, — Comparer  In  HaEmatemesis  and 
other  hsetnorrhages  compaxe:  Gelatin  (which  has  a 
marked  effect  on  the  coagulability  of  the  blood.  Ky- 
podermically;  or  if  by  mouth  a  lo  per  cent  Jell3^ 
about  4  oz.  three  times  a  day/)  Arsenic;  Cham.: 
Puis.;  Tori,  em.;  Sqtiill.  Convolvulus  (colic  and 
diarrhoea.) 

Antidotes:    Arsenic;  China;  Tabac. 

Complementary :    Cuprumr . 

Dose. — Third  to  200th  potency. 


IRIDnjM. 
{The  metaL) 

Ana^^mia.  Rheumatism  and  gout*  Uterine  tu- 
mors. Spinal  paresis.  Exhaustion  afim'  disease. 
Children  who  are  puny  and  grow  too  fast.  Bright 's 
disease.     Nephritis  of  pregnancy. 

Head.— Difficult  concentration  of  thought.  Sen- 
sation as  if  mind  were  v^oid.  Thought  confused. 
*' Woodeny"  feeling  in  right  side  of  head.  Right  side 
of  scalp  sensitive*  Profuse  watery  coryza,  better  in- 
doors*    Ozcena* 

Respiratory. — Hoarse  coughs  worse  talking;  pos- 
terior ndres  feel  raw,  inflamed,  profuse  thick  yellow- 
ish discharge.     Chronic  laryngeal  catarrh* 

Dose. — Third  to  sixth  trituration. 


IRIS    VERSICOLOR* 
(Blue  PUg,) 

Thyroidv  pancreas ^  salivary,  and  intestinal  glands » 
and  ^astTO-intestinal  mucous  memhrane  are  espe- 


IRIS    VERSICOLOR.  351 

daily  affected.  Increases  the  flow  of  bile.  Sick 
headaches  and  cholera  morbus  are  a  special  thera- 
jieutic  field   for  its  action. 

Head, — ^ Frontal  headache,  with  nausea.  Scalp 
feels  constricted,  Right  temple  especially  affected. 
Sick  headache,  worse  rest ;  begins  with  a  blur  before 
eyes.     Pustular  eruption  on  scalp. 

Ears. — Roaring,  buzzing,  ringing  in  ears,  with 
deafness  ►  Aural  vertigo,  with  intense  noises  in  ears. 
Vomiting,  and  flickering  before  eyes. 

Face. — Neuralgia  after  breakfast,  beginning  in 
infra-orbital  nerve,  and  involving  whole  face. 

Throat.^ Mouth  and  tongue  feel  scalded.  Heat 
and  smarting  in  throat.  Burning.  Profuse  flow  of 
saliva;  ropy;     Goilre, 

Stomach. — Burning  of  whole  alimentary  canaL 
VomiPing,  sour,  bloody,  biliary.  Nausea.  Profuse 
flow  of  saliva.  [Merc;  I  pec;  Kali  iod.]  Deficient 
appetite. 

Abdomeo.^Liver  sore.  Cutting  fjain.  Flatu- 
lent colic.  Diarrhoea ;  stools  watery,  with  btiming  at 
anus  and  through  intestinal  canal.  Periodical  night 
diarrhoea,  with  pain  and  green  discharges.  Consti- 
pation (give  joth). 

Extremities, — Shifting  pains.  Sciatica,  as  if  left 
hip -joint  were  wrenched.  Pain  extends  to  popliteal 
space.     Gonorrhoeal  rheumatism  (use  Irisin). 

Skin. ^Herpes  roster,  associated  with  gastric  de- 
rangements. Pustular  eruptions.  Psoriasis;  irreg- 
ular patches  with  shining  scales.  Eczema,  with 
nightly  itching. 

Modalities^ — Worst?,  in  evening  and  at  night,  from 
rest.     Better,  from  continued  motion. 


35a  IKIS    VERSICOLOR J  AC  A  R  AND  A. 

Re  Ifltionfihip.^ Antid  ote :  Nux. 

Compare:  Iris  fiorenttna — Orris-root — (delirium, 
convulsions,  and  paralysis);  Iris  factisslyna  (head- 
ache  and  hernia) ;  Iris  g€Tinani4:a — ^Blue  (warden  Iris 
—(dropsy  and  freckles) ;  Iris  tenax — I,  minor — (dry 
mouth;  deathly  sensation  at  pit  of  stomach i  pain 
in  ileo-c5ecal  region;  appendicitis);  Pancfeatimitn 
(disease  of  pa  n  creaks ,  gou  t ,  diabetes  ) ;  I  pec . ;  Fodcpk . ; 
Sangwjw,;  Ars-;  .4wi.  cr, 

Dose.^Tinctnre  to  thirtieth  potency*  Favorable 
reports  from  the  very  highest  i^>otencies. 


k 


JACARANBA. 

(Braiilian  Caroba-Tree.) 

Has  reputation  as  a  remedy  in  venereal  diseases 
and  rheumatism.  Morning  sickness*  The  urinary 
and  sexual  symptoms  are  important* 

Head. — Vertigo  on  risingj  with  heavy  forehead. 
Eyes  pain ;  are  inflamed  and  watery.  Coryza,  with 
heavy  head. 

Throat, — Sore,  dry,  constricted*  Vesicles  in 
pharynx. 

Urinary.— Urethra  inflamed;  discharge  of  yellow 
matter* 

Male.— Heat  and  pain  in  penis;  painful  erections; 
pliimusis.  Prepuce  painful  and  swollen.  Chan- 
croid.    Chordee.     Itching  pimple  on  glans. 

Extremities. — Rheumatic  pain  in  right  knee. 
Weakness  of  lumbar  region.  Morning  soreness  and 
stiffness  of  muscles.     Gonorrhceial  rheumatism* 

Relationship. — Compare:    Thuja;  Coratlmm;  Jo, 


JACARANDA — ^JALAPA JATKOPHA.  353 

caruTtda  Gualandai{in  syphilitic  symptoms  especially 
of  eye  and  throat). 

Bose. — Tincture,  to  third  potency, 

JALAPA. 
aalapO 

Causes  and  cures  colic  and  diarrhoea.  The  child 
is  good  all  day,  but  screams  and  is  restless  and  trou-- 
blesome  at  night. 

Tongue. — Smooth,  glazed,  dry,  smarting. 

Stomacli  and  Bowels,^ Pain  in  right  hypochon- 
drium.  Flatulence  and  nausea.  Pinching  ami  grip^ 
i ng-  Watery  diarrh aea ;  t h  i n ,  muddy  stools ,  Abdo -. 
men  distended.     Face  cold  and  blue.     Anus  sore*    , 

Exlremities. — Aching  in  arms  and  legs.     Pain  in 
large  joint  of  great  toe.     Smarting  at  root  of  naiL 
Burning  of  soles. 

Relationship.— ^Antidotes:    Elater.;  Canw.  sat. 

Compare:    Campk.;  Colocy. 

Bose. — Third  to  twelfth  potency, 

JATROPHA. 
(Purging-Nut.) 

Of  value  in  cholera  and  diarrhcea.  The  abdomi- 
nal symptoms  are  most  important. 

Stomach. — Hiccough,  followed  by  copious  vom- 
iting. Nausea  and  vomiting,  brought  on  by  drinks 
ing,  with  acrid  feeling  from  throat.  Great  thirst. 
Very  easy  vomiting.  Heat  and  burning  in  stomach, 
with  crampy,  constrictive  pain  in  epigastrium, 

Abdom^en, — Distended,  with  gurgling  noises.  Pain 
in  hypochondrian     Pain  in  region  of  liver  and  under 


i 


354         JATROPHA JEQUlHJTY- — JUG  LANS    CINER. 

right  scapula,  to  shoulder.     Violent  urging   to  uri- 
nate. 

StooL — Sudden,  profuse,  watery,  like  rice-water 
DiarrhtFa;  forced  discharge;  loud  noise  in  abdomen  like 
gurgling  of  waler  coming  out  of  a  bung-hole,  associated 
with  coldness,  cramps,  nausea ,  and  vomiting. 

Extremities, — Cramps  in  muscles,  especially  calves 
legs,  and  feet.     Coldness  of  whole  body, 

MoM]iti^^.— Better,  by  placing  hands  in  cold  i^a- 
ter. 

Relationship.— Comparer  Cam  ph.;  Vcrat.;  Gam- 
hog.;  Croton;  Jatropha  j^r^wx-^ponge-nettle — {oede- 
ma and  cardiac  paresis). 

Dose. — Third  to  thirtieth  potency* 

JEQUmiTY. 
(Indian  Liquorice.) 

Epithelioma,  lupus,  ulcers,  granulaf  lids. 

Eyes . — Purulent  con  j  uncti  v  itis ;  inflammation 
spreads  to  face  and  neck.     Granular  ophthalmia. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Jequiritol  (in  cases  of 
trachoma  and  pannus  to  engraft  a  new  purulent  in- 
flammation. The  proteid  poisons  contahicd  in  Je- 
quirity  seeds  are  almost  identical  in  their  physiologi- 
cal and  toxic  properties  with  the  similar  principles 
found  in  snake  venom). 

JUGLANS    CIWEREA. 

(Butternut,) 

A  faulty  elimination  that  produces  jaundice  and 
various  skin  eruptions  is  pictured  by  this  drug.  The 
sharp  0€cipiial  headache  usually  associated  with  liver 


w 


JUGLANS    CINEREA— JUGLANS   REGIA. 


355 


disturbances  is  very  characteristic     Pain  in  chest 
i  and  axilla  and  scapula. 

I      Head.^Dull,    full    head.        Eruption    on    scalp. 
Sharp  occipttal  headache. 

Nose* — Tingling  in  nose;  sneezing.      Coryza,  pre- 
L  ceded  by  patn  under  sternum,  with  threatening  suf- 
p  focation.     Later,  copious,  bland,  thick  mucous  dis- 
charge. 

i      Mouth. — -Acrid  feeling  m  mouth  and  throat.    Sore- 
ness in  region  of  tonsils  externally.     Dryness  of  root 
of  tongue  and  fauces. 
Stool, — ^Yello  wish -green,  w^ith  tenesmus  and  burn- 
ing at  anus.     Camp  diarrhoea^ 

Skm, — Jaundice  J  with  pain  abbut  liver  and  rigfht 
scapula.  Itching  and  pricking  when  heated.  Pus- 
tules. Eczema  J  especially  on  lower  extremities  and 
sacrum  and  hands.  Erythema  and  erysipelatous 
I  redness, 
[       Modalities. — -Better,  scratching,  t>n  rising  in  morn* 

ing.     Worse,  walking. 
I       Relationship. — Compare:    Chelidon.;  Bryan,        ^^ 
Dose. — Tinctiue,  to  third  potency.  ,^H 

I  JUGLANS    REGIA.  ,H 

^^  (Wahiut.)  S 

^      Skin  eruptions  are  prominent. 
I       Head. — Confused;  feels  as  if  head  were  floating  in 
air.      Occipital  sharp  pain.     [Juglans  cin^] 

Female. — Menses  early,  black,  pitch -like  coagula. 
i  Abdomen  distended. 

I      Skin. — Comedones  and  acne  of  the  face.     Crusta 
I  lactea,    with    soreness   around   ears      Itching    a.T\6. 


eruption  of  small  red  pustules.  Scalp  red,  and  itches 
violently  at  night.  Chancre-like  ulcer.  Axillarj' 
glands  suppurate. 

Relationship, — Compare;  Jugians  cinerea — But- 
ternut—(in  many  forms  of  skin  troubles,  pustular, 
vesicular,  and  erythematous). 

Dose, — Tincture^  and  lower  potencies. 


CJUNCUS    EFFDSUS. 
t^t  (Common  Rush.) 

Urinary  affections.  Dysuria,  strangury,  and  is- 
churia* Asthmatiti  symptoms  in  hasniorrhoidal  sub- 
jects.    Bubbling  sensations.     Abdominal  flatulence. 


JUHIPERUS. 

(Juniper  Berries.) 

Catarrhal  inflammation  of  kidneys*  Dropsy,  with 
suppression  of  urine.  Old  persons  with  poor  dig^- 
tion  and  scanty  secretion  of  urine.  Chronic  pye- 
litis. 

Urinary » — Strangury;  bloody,  scanty  urine,  violet 
odor.  [Tereb,]  Weight  in  kidney  region.  Pros- 
tatic discharge.     Renal  hypera^mia.     [Eucalyptoi] 

Relationship -^-C^m pare:  Sabina;  Juniperus  Vir- 
ginianus  —  Red  Cedar  —  (apoplexy,  convulsions, 
strangury,  uterine  haemorrhage)* 

Dose.^ — Best  form  is  the  infusion:  One  ounce  lo 
a  pint  of  boiling  water.  Dose,  one-half  to  two 
ounces. 


mil 


KALI  ARSEHICUM. 
(Fowler's  SoliitioilO 

a.^ZVr.  scaly;  wilted.  Acm%c;  |iustuks  u-iins* 
durmi^  menses.  Chrf*nic  €Ci«iiia,  itdiifiij  fnnn 
wannth.  walking,  undresssing,  rs«TiaMs,  lichen, 
Phagieda^nic  ulcers.  Fissures  in  bends  of  »mis  ami 
knees ,  Gou  ly  nodosit  ies ;  worse »  chan|,'i?  o  f  vvwi  t her* 
Psoriasis,  worse  wannth. 
Dose* — Thifd  to  thirtietli  poteiK^y, 

_  KALI    BICHROMICUM. 

(BLchromate  of  PotAsh.) 

The  special  affinittes  of  this  drug  -'re  the  iiutcouB 
m embrace  of  stomach,  bowels,  ancl  airjmKsngrH: 
bones  and  fibrous  tissue,  !t  is  c»p«ciiilly  iuihcntt'd 
for  fleshy,  fat,  light -complex!  on  ed  prrsoni*  subjdct  to 
catarrhs  or  with  syphilitic  or  ^crofuknin  hlntory, 
Symptoms  are  worse  in  the  morniti^;  ptihtx  mif^rnti 
qtii<:kiy:  rheumatic  and  gastric  symptnniw  ahcrnulff. 
More  adapteil  to  sulmcutt-?  rfilbitr  I  hah  the  violent 
acute  stages.  Mucous  mombrantjyi  pvi*rywli*ire  fir« 
atJectedt  and  a  tough,  sinn^y,  vtMui  AfiTf/tViif  in  pr^t* 
duced,  which  condition  is  a  very  s^trotijf  K^'i^li^'K 
symptom  for  this  drujj.  Perforation  a}  ikt"  JUJptum, 
Chronic  atonic  datarrh. 

Hi^d* — Vertigo,  with  nau«ca  when  fmnfir  from 
seat.  Headache  over  eyebrmi*^,  precerhjd  tiy  bhirred 
vision  Semilateral  headache  m  nmull  K|KJtii,  and 
from  suppressed  catarrh.  Frontal  fjain,  imuaDy 
over  one  eye.     Bones  and  uaip  ji^d  M(wt, 

Moie. — Snuffles  of  children*  i%ftc%€&Xy  |iil,  tViubVi'^ 
Pressure  and  pain  ai  root  n]  fioif ,  itxA 


558 


:£ALI    BICHROMICUM. 


ing  pain  m  nose.  Septum  tdcerated;  round  ulcer. 
Feiid  SfHelL  Discharge  thick,  topy^  greenisk-yelUm^ 
Tough,  elastic  ph*gs  from  nose ;  leave  a  raw  surface. 
Inflammation  extends  to  frontal  sinuses,  with  dis- 
tress and  fullness  at  root  of  nose.  Dropping  from 
posterior  nares.  [Hydr.]  Loss  of  smell .  Much 
hawking.  Inability  to  breathe  through  nose.  Dry- 
ness. Coryza,  with  obstruction  of  nose.  VioUnt 
snoe^ing.     Profuse  watery  nasal  discharge. 

Ears, — Swollen,  with  tearing  pains.  Thick  yel- 
low, stringy,  fetid  discharge. 

Eyas. — Siipra -orbital  neuralgia,  right  side.  Eye- 
lids bum,  swollen,  cedematous.  Discharge  ropy  and 
yellow.  Ulcers  on  cornea ;  no  pain  or  photophobia. 
Croupous  conjunctivitis ;  granular  lids,  'i\'ith  pannus. 
Iritis,  with  punctate  deposits  on  inner  surface  of 
cornea.  Slight  pain,  with  severe  ulceration  or  io- 
flammation,     [Conium  opposite.] 

Face. — Florid  complexion.  Blotchy,  red  ap- 
pearance, Acne.  [Jiiglans;  KaL  ars.]  Bones  seri^ 
sitive,  especially  beneath  orbits. 

Mouth,— Dry;  viscid  saliva;  mapped.  Tongue 
red,  shining,  smooiht  and  dry,  with  dysentery;  broad, 
flat,  indented,  thickly  coated.    -  . 

Throat. — D ry  and  rou  gh .  Parot id  glands  swollen 
Uvula  relaxed  J  mdenintous,  bladder-like.  Pseudo^ 
membranous  deposit  on  tonsils  and  soft  palate. 
Burning  extending  to  stomach.  AphthEB,  Dipli- 
tlieria,  with  profound  prostration  and  soft  pulse. 
Discharge  from  mouth  and  throajt  tough  and  stringy. 

Stomach,— Nausea  and  vomiting  after  beer.   Load 

immediately  after  eating.     Round  uker  of  stomach. 

Stitches  in  region  of  liver  and  spleen  and  through  to 

spme.     Dislikes  watcit.     Cannot  digest  meal       D*- 


w 


KALI    BlCHROMICUM. 


S59 


iBire  for  beer  and  acids.  Gastric  symptoms  are  re- 
flieved  after  eating,  and  the  rheumatic  symptoms 
reappear* 

Abdomen, — Cutting  pain  in  abdomen  soon  after 
etiting.  Chronic  intestinal  ulceration.  Soreness  in 
right  hypochondrium.  Painful  retraction,  soreness 
and  burning. 

StooL — ^Jelly-liJce^  gelatinous;  worse,  mornings, 
Dysentery;  tenesmus,  stools  brown,  frothy.  Sensa.- 
|tion  of  a  plug  in  anus.  Periodic  constipation,  with 
pain  across  the  loins,  and  brown  urine, 

Urinary, — Burning  in  urethra.  Afier  urinaling, 
a  drop  seeffis  io  remain  which  cannot  he  expelled. 
Ropy  mucus  in  urine.  Urethra  becomes  clogged 
lip.  Congestion  of  kidneys ;  nephritis^  with  scanty, 
albuminous  urine  and  casts.  Pyelitis;  urine  mixed 
with  epithelial  cells,  mucus,  pus,  or  blood.  Hism- 
atockyluria. 

Male  .^Itching  and  pain  of  penis,  with  pustules. 
[Ulcers,  with  paroxysmal  stitches;  aggravated  at 
tnight.  Constriction  at  root  of  penis  at  night  on 
^wakening.  Syphilitic  u leers »  with  cheesy,  tena- 
rciou^  exudation.     Erections.     [Ptmc  o^,] 

Fem^aie,— -Yellow,  tenacious  leucorrlioea.  Pruri- 
tus of  vulva,  with  great  burning  and  excitement. 
Prolapsus  uteri;  worse  in  hot  wecdker. 

Respiratory. — ^Voice  hoarse;  worse,  evening,  Me- 
jtalhc,  hacking  cough.  Profuse  yelhw  expectoratimi, 
\veTy  gMi^wus  and  sticky ^  coming  out  in  long^  stringy, 
iBnd  very  tenacious  mass.  Tickling  in  larynx.  Tnie 
tnembranotis  croup,  extending  to  larynx  and  nares. 
(Cough t  with  ^jain  in  sternum,  extending  to  shoulders; 
pvorse  when  undressing. 


360        KALT    BTCHROMICUM^ — KALI    BROMATUM- 

Heart, — Cold  feeling  around  heart.     [Kali  niL] 

Back. — Cutting  through  loins;  cannot  walk;  ex- 
tends to  groins.  Pain  in  coccyx  and  sacrum  extend- 
ing up  and  down. 

Extremities, — Pains  fly  rapidly  from  one  place  to 
another.  [Kali  sulpk.;  Pids^]  Wandering  pains, 
along  the  bones;  worse,  cold.  Lett-sided  sciaticas 
better,  motion.  Bones  feel  sore  and  bruised*  Very 
weak.  Tearing  pains  in  tibia ;  syphilitic  rheumatism. 
[Mez.]  Crackling  of  all  joints.  Soreness  of  heels 
when  walking.     Pains  in  small  spots.     [Oxalic  {m,\ 

Skin.^ — Acne,  ■  Papular  eruptions*  Ulcer,  with 
f^unched-out  edges ^  with  tendency  to  penetrate,  and 
tenacious  exudation.  Pustular  eruption,  resem- 
bling small -pox,  with  burning  pains. 

Modalities, — Better,  from  heat.  Worse^  betr, 
morning,  hot  weather,  undressing. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Tart,  emet.;  Br  am.;  He- 
par;  lod.;  Cak,;  Ant.  cr.  In  the  production  of  false 
membranes  compare:  Brom.;^Ammon.  rawsL;  Sulpha 
ac.;  Ipecac. 

Antidotes:     Ars.;  Lach. 

Dose. — Second  to  sixth  trituration. 

KALI    BROMATUM, 

(Bromide  of  Potash.) 
Like  all  Potash  Salts,  this  weakens  the  heart  End 
lowers  temperature.  Brominism  is  caused  by  it- 
General  failure  of  mental  power,  loss  of  memory* 
melancholia,  ana^stbesia  of  the  mucous  membranes, 
especially  of  eyes,  throat,  and  skin;  acne;  loss  of 
sexual  desire,  paralysis.  Leading  remedy  in  pso* 
riasis.     Nodular  form  of  chronic  gout. 


1 


361 


Mmdt — Profound  melancholic  delusions:  feeling 
of  moral  deficiency;  religion s  depression;  delusions 
of  conspiracies  against  him.  Loss  of  memory.  Must 
do  something. — move  about ;  gets  fidgety.  [Tarant.] 
Fear  of  being  poisoned.  [  Hyos]  Amnesic  aphasia ; 
can  pronounce  any  word  told,  but  cannot  speak  oth- 
erwise.    Night  terrors.     Horrid  illusions. 

Head^ — Active  delirium.  Face  flushed,  Nunib 
feeling  in  head.  Brain-fag,  Suicidal  mania,  with 
treni  ulousness . 

Throat*" — Congestion  of  uvula  and  fauces.  AniFs- 
thesia  of  fauces,  pharynx,  and  larynx.  Dysphagia, 
especially  of  liquids,     \^HyQS.^ 

Stomach. — Vomiting,  with  intense  thirst,  after 
each  tneah     Per^i^itent  hiccough.     [Sulph.  ac.] 

Abdomen. — Sensation  as  if  bowels  were  falling 
out.  Cholera  infantum,  with  reflex  cerebral  irrita* 
tion.  Prostration.  Internal  coldness  of  abdomen. 
Diarrhcea,  with  much  blood.  Green,  watery  stools. 
Reir action  of  abdomen. 

Urinary, — Sensil>ility  of  urethra  diminished. 
Urine  profuse,  with  thirst,     Diabetes.     \_Phos.  at,] 

Male*— Debility  and  impotence.  Effects  of  sex- 
ual excesses,  especially  loss  of  memory,  impaired  co- 
ordination, numbness,  and  tingling  in  limbs. 

Female. — Pruritus,  Ovanan  neuralgia »  with 
great  nervous  uneasiness.  Exaggerated  sexual  ap- 
petite.    Cystic  tumors  of  ovaries. 

Respiratory, — Spasmodic  croup.  Reflex  cough 
during  pregnancy.  Dry,  fatiguing,  hacking  cough 
at  night. 

Extreraitici, — Fidgety  hands;  busy  twitching  oC 
lingers. 


4 


^ 


36a  KALI    BROMATtPM— KALI    CARBONtCUM, 


: 


Skin^^ Acne  of  face*  itching;  worse  on  chest, 
shoulders » and  face.     Ansesthesia  of  skin.    Psoriasis. 

Sleep. — -Restless  sleep.  Sleeplesfiness  due  to  wor- 
ry and  grief.  Ntght  terrors.  Grinding  teeth  in 
sleep.     Horrible  dreams.     Somnambulism, 

Modalities, — Beiter,  when  occupied  mentally  or 
physically. 

Dose, — A  few  grains  of  the  crude  salt  to  the  third 
trituration.  Remember  the  unstable  character  of 
this  salt. 

KALI    CARBOWICUM. 

(Carbonate  of  Potassium,) 

The  weakness  characteristic  of  all  Potas^jium  Salts 
is  seen  especially  in  this,  with  soft  pulse,  coldness,  gen- 
eral depression,  and  very  characteristic  stitches, 
which  may  be  felt  in  any  part  of  the  body  or  in  con- 
nection with  any  affection.  Sensitive  to  every  at- 
mospheric change,  and  intolerance  of  cold  weathff* 
One  of  the  best  remedies  following  labor.  Miscar- 
riage, for  consequent  debilitated  states.  Early 
morning  aggravation  is  very  characteristic.  Fleshy 
aged  people,  with  dropsical  and  paretic  tendencies. 
Sweat,  backache,  and  weakness.  Pains  from  within 
out,  and  of  stinging  character.  *'Giving-out"  sen- 
sations.    Fatty  degenerations. 

Mind  ,■ — ^D  esponden t .  Very  iffitabie .  Full  of  feiir 
and  imaginations.  Anxiety  felt  in  stomach.  Seti- 
sation  as  if  bed  were  sinking.  Never  wants  to  be 
left  alone. 

Head » ^Headache  /r^w  Hding  in  cold  wind 
Stitches  in  temple;  aching  in  occiput,  one-sided, 
with  nausea,  on  riding  in  carriage.  Loose  fading 
mh  ead .     Grea  t  dryness  of  hair ;  falls  out  ^  [  Fiuaf^  m\ 


KALI    CARBONIC  tTM,  $6g 

8, — Stitches  in  eyes*      Spots,  gauze,  and  black 
r  before  eyes.     Lids  stick  together  in  morning. 
Hg  over  upper  M,  like  litiU  bags.     Swelling  of 
between  brows. 
Earfi. — Stitches  m  ears.     Itching,  cracking,  ring* 
ing,  and  roaring* 

Ifose. — Nose  stuffs  up  in  warm  room.  Thick,  flu- 
ent yellow  discharge.  Post-nasal  dropping.  [SpigeL] 
Sore,  scurfy  nostrils;  bloody  nasal  mucus.  Crusty 
nasa!  openings.  Nosebleed  on  washing  face  in 
morning.      Ulcerated  nostrtls. 

Mouth . — Gums  separate  from  teeth:  pus  oozes 
out.  Pyorrhoea.  Aphtha;.  Tongue  white.  Much 
saliva  constantly  in  mouth.     Bad  slimy  taste. 

Throat. — Dry,  parched,  rough.  Sticking  pain,  as 
from  a  fish-bone.  Swallowing  difficult;  food  goes 
down  oesophagus  slowly. 

Stomach*— Flatulence,  Desire  for  sweets.  Feel- 
ing of  lump  in  pit  of  stomach.  So^ir  eructations. 
Nausea;  better  lying  down.  Constant  feeling  as  if 
stomach  were  full  of  ivater.  Sour  vomiting;  throb- 
bing and  cutting  in  stomach.  Disgust  for  food., 
Anxiety  felt  in  stomach.  Epigastriuni  sensitive  ex- 
ternally. 

Abdomen. — Stitches  in  region  of  liver.  Old 
chronic  liver  troubles,  with  soreness.  Jaundice  and 
dropsy.  Distention  and  coldness  of  abdomen.  Pain 
from  left  hypochondrium  through  abdomen;  must 
turn  on  right  side  before  he  can  rise. 

Urine. — Obliged  to  rise  several  times  at  night  to 
urinate.  Pressure  on  bladder  long  before  wine 
comes. 

Rectum.  — larger  difficult  stool^  witla  stVtc\i\ix%  V^vcv 


364  tCALt   CARBOHrCUM' 

an  hour  before.  Haemorrhoids,  large,  swollen,  pam- 
ful.  Large  discharge  of  blood  with  natural  stool. 
Pain  in  hsemorrhoids  when  coughing.  Burning  in 
rectum  and  anus.  Easy  prolapsus.  [Graph.;  Fad.] 
Itching.     [I  gnat] 

Male* — Complaints  from  coition.  Deficient  sexual 
instinct.  Excessive  emissions,  foUawed  by  weak- 
ness. 

Female.— Menses  early,  profuse  [Caic.  c],  or  too, 
laie^  pale  and  scaniy,  with  soreness  about  genitals; 
pains  from  back  pass  down  through  gluteal  musclesi 
with  cutting  in  abdomen.  Pain  through  left  labium, 
extending  through  abdomen  to  chest.  Delayed 
menses  in  young  girls,  with  chest  symptoms  or 
ascites.  Diflicult  first  menses.  Complaints  after 
parturiiwn^  Uterine  haemorrhage;  constant  oozing 
after  copious  fiow^  with  violent  backache,  relieved 
by  sitting  and  pressure. 

Respiratory, — Cutting  pain  in  chest;  worse  lying 
on  right  side.  Hoarseness  and  loss  ot  voice.  Dry 
hard  cough  about  3  a.  m.,  with  stitching  pains  E.n6. 
dryness  of  pharynx.  Expectoration  scanty  and  te- 
nacious, but  increasing  in  morning  and  after  eating; 
aggravated  right  lower  chest  and  lying  on  painful 
side,  Hydroikorax.  Leaning  forward  relieves  chest 
j^ymptoms.  Palpitation  and  burning  in  heart  region- 
Weak  pulse;  intermits.  Expectoration  must  b^ 
swallowed;  cheesy  taste;  copious,  offensive,  lumpy' 
Coldness  of  chest.  Wheeztng.  Cough,  with  relaxed 
uvula.  Tendency  to  tuberculosis;  constant  cold' 
taking;    better  in  warm  clitnaU. 

Back.^ — Great  exhaustion.  Stitches  in  region  of 
kidneys  and  right  scapula.  Small  of  back  feds  weak 
Stiffness  and  paralytic  feeling  in  back.     Burning  m 


L 


KAtI    CARBONICUM.  365 

Spine.  [Guaco.]  Severe  backache  during  preg- 
nancy and  after  miscarriage. 

E^ttremities. — Back  a  fid  legs  give  out.  Uneasiness, 
heavinesSi  and  tearing  in  limbs  and  jerking^.  White 
swelling  of  knee.  Tearing  in  arms  from  shoulder  to 
wrist.  Lacerating  in  wrist -joint.  Paralysis  of  old 
people  and  dropsical  affections.  Limbs  go  to  sleep 
easily.  Tips  of  toes  and  fingers  painful.  Soles  very 
sensitive.  Itching  of  great  toe,  with  pain.  Pain 
front  kip  to  knee.     Pain  in  knees  ► 

Skin. — Burning  as  from  a  mustard -plaster. 

Sleep. — Drowsy  atter  eating.  Wakes  about  2 
o'clock  and  cannot  sleep  again. 

Modalities,— ll^'ori'^,  after  coition;  in  cold  weather; 
from  soup  and  coffee;  in  morning  about  3  o*clock;  ly- 
ing on  left  and  painful  side .  Better^  in  warm  weather, 
though  moist;  during  day^  while  moving  about, 

Relati  onship . — C  oni  pie  ment  ary ;  Carbo;  Nat .  mMT , 

Compare:  Kali  salicyhi:timr  (vomiting,  especially 
ot  pregnancy;  arterial  sclerosis);  Kali  silicnm.  (gouty 
nodosities) ;  Kaliaceticum  (diabetes,  diarrhoja.  drop- 
sy, alkaline  urine,  very  much  increased  in  quantity); 
Kali  ciiricum  (Bright's  disease^ to  gr.  to  wine-glass 
of  water) ;  Kali  ferrocyanalum  (uterine  symptoms, 
like  Sepia,  bearing-down  sensation  and  gastric  sink* 
ing;  fatty  heart);  Kali  oxalict^m  (lumbago,  convul- 
sions) ;  Kali  picricnfn  (jaundice,  violent  eructations) ; 
Kali  sulphtiratum  (gastritis,  hiccough,  redness  of 
face) ;  Kali  tartar tcum  (paraplegia) ;  Kali  felluricum 
(garlicky  odor  of  breath,  saliva t ion ^  swollen  tongue). 
Also:  Calc;  Ammon,  phos.  Compare:  Pkos.;  Ly- 
cop.;  Bry.;  Natrum;  Stann.;  Sepia. 

Antidotes:    Campk,;  Coffea. 

Dose. — Third  to  thirtieth  and  higher- 


KALI    CHLORtCUM KALI    CYANATUM. 


KALI    CHLORICUM. 

(CUorate  of  Potassium.) 

Produces  most  acute  ulcerative  and  follicular 
stomatitis.     Noma. 

Houtli. — Profuse  secretion  of  acid  saliva.  Wl  ole 
mucous  surface  red,  tumid*  with  gray -based  ulcers. 
Tongue  swollen. 

Stomach, — Feeling  of  weight  in  epigastric  and 
umbilical  region ^  Flatulence.  Vomiting  of  green- 
ish-black matter. 

Stool. — Diarrhoea ;  profuse  greenish  mucus. 

Urine.— AlbuminouiS,  scanty,  suppressed.  Haem- 
aturia,  diuresis. 

Skin. — Jaundice.  Itching  miliary  or  papular  erup- 
tions.    Discolored;  chocolate  tint, 

Dose, — First  to  sixth  potency. 


b 


KALI    CYAlfATUM, 
(Potassium  Cyanide.) 

Cancer  of  tongue  and  agonizing  ne^iralgia  have 
been  benefited  by  this  drug.  Aqueous  solution  pre- 
vents spread  of  small-pox. 

Tongue. — Ulcer  of  tongue,  with  indurated  edges. 
Speech  difficult. 

I'ace, — Severe  neuralgia  in  temporal  region ^  f^ 
curring  daily  at  .same  hour.  Pain  in  orbital  attd 
supra -maxillary  region,  with  screaming  and  loss  of 
consciousness. 

Modalities- — Worse,  from  4  a.  m.  to  4  p.  m. 


w 


KALt    CVA^JATUM KALI    HYDROIODICUM.        367 


Re  la  tionship ,  — Compare :  P latin. ;  Stann . ;  Cedron; 
Mezer.;  Mur.  ac. 

Dose  .^Second  trituration. 

KALI    HYDROIODICUM. 

(Iodide  of  Potassium.) 

The  profuse  watery,  acrid  coryza  that  the  drug 
prodi3ces  serves  as  a  sure  guiding  symptom,  espe- 
cially wlien  associated  with  pain  in  frontal  sinus.  It 
acts  prominently  on  fibrous  and  connective  tissties, 
producing  infiltration,  oedema,  etc.  Glandular 
swellings.  Purpura  and  hsetnorrhagic  diathesis* 
Secondary  and  tertiary  syphilitic  afiections,  espe- 
cially'^ nodes;  thickening  and  induration  of  ligaments 
and  fascise,  etc. 

Mind. — Sad*  anxious;  harsh  temper. 

Head .  — Pain  through  sides  of  head .  Violeo  t  head  - 
ache.  Cranium  swells  up  in  hard  lump.  Pain  in- 
tense over  eyes  and  root  of  nose.  Brain  feels  en- 
larged. Hard  nodes,  with  severe  pain.  Facial  neu- 
ralgia.    Lancinating  pain  in  upper  jaw. 

Ifpse. — Red,  swollen;  pr&ft^se  acrid,  hot,  watery, 
thin  discharge.  OsiFna,  with  perforated  septum. 
Sneezing.  Nasal  catarrh,  involving  frontal  sinus. 
Stuffiness  and  dryness  of  nose  without  discharge. 
Profuse,  greenish,  unirritating  discharges. 

Eyes. — Conjunctiva  red,  injected,  profuse  lachry- 
mation*  Syphilitic  irttts.  Pustular  keratitis  and 
chemosis.  Bony  tumors  of  the  orbit. 
I  Stonmch^^Saliva  increased.  Faintness  at  epi- 
gastrium. Cold  food  and  drink,  especially  milk, 
aggravate.  Throbbing,  painful  burning.  Flatu- 
lence, 


I 


368  KALI    HYDRO— KALI    MURIATICUM* 

Female.— Menses  late,  profuse.  During  menses 
uterus  feels  as  if  squeezed.     Corrosive  leucorrhcea. 

Respiratory,— Violent  cough;  worse  in  morning. 
Pulmonary  oedema.  Larynx  feels  raw.  LaryngeaJ 
oedema.  Awakes  choking.  Expectoration  like  soap- 
suds, greenish.  Pneumonia  when  hepatization  com- 
mences, Fnenmococcic  menin^iUs.  Stitching  pains 
through  lungs  to  back.  Asthma.  Dyspnoea  on  as- 
cending, with  pain  in  heart.  Hydrothorax.  [Merc 
sulph.]  Pleuritic  effusion.  Colds  travel  doumwards 
to  ckesL 

Extremities- — Severe  bone  pains.  Periosteum 
thickened,  especially  tibia;  sensitive  to  touch^ 
[Kali  b.;  Asaf]  Rheumatism;  pains  worse  at  night 
and  in  damp  weather ,  C o ntrac  tion  of  j oints .  KAn»- 
^mairsm  of  knees ^  with  effusion.  Pain  in  siuall  oi 
back  and  coccyx.  Pain  in  hip,  forcing  Hmping^ 
Sctaiica;  cannot  stay  in  bed;  worse  at  night  and  ly- 
ing on  affected  side. 

Skint — Purple  spots;  worse  on  legs.  Acne,  hv- 
firba,  "Small  boils.  Glands  enlarged,  indurated. 
Hives.  Rough  nodules  all  over,  worse  any  covering; 
heat  of  body  intense. 

Modalities. ^IVfjf^e,  at  night,  damp  weather.  Btt^ 
ter,  motion,  open  air. 

Relationship . — A  ntidote :    Hepar^ 
Compare:    lod.;  Merctir.;  Sulph.;  MeBer, 
Dose, — Crude  drug,  to  twelfth  potency. 

KALI  MURIATICUM, 
(Chloride  of  Potassium.) 

Although  not  proven,  this  remedy  has  a  wide  dim- 
cal  use  through  its  introduction  by  Schuessler*     U 


hr 


KALI    MORIATICUM,  2^9 

certainly  is  of  greajt  valine  in  catarrhal  affections,  in 
subacute  inflammatory  statejs,  fibrinous  exudations', 
and  glandular  swellings.  White  or  gray  cocttiii^  of 
base  of  tongue  and  ex'pect oration  of  thick  white 
phlegm  seem  to  Ue  special  guiding  symptoms. 

Heiid. — Imagines  he  must  starve.  Headache, 
with  vomiting.     Cnista  lactea,      Dandrufif. 

Eyes. — White  mucus,  purulent  scabs.  Superfi-cial 
ulcer*     Trachoma, 

Ears. — Chronic  catarrhal  conditions  of  the  middle 
ear*  Glands  about  the  ear  swollen.  Snapping  and 
noises  in  the  ear. 

ETose. — Catarrh;  phlegm  white,  thick.  Vault  of 
phar^mx  covered  with  adherent  crusts.  Stuffy  cold. 
Nosebleed.     [Am.;  Bry.] 

Face. — Cheek  swollen  and  painful. 

Mouth. — Aphthae;  thrush;  white  ulcers  in  "mouth* 
Swollen  glands  about  jaw  and  neck.  Coating  of 
tongue  grayish-white,  dryish,  or  sUmy. 

Throat, — Follicular  tonstUitis.  Tonsils  inflamed; 
enlarged  so  much  can  hardly  breathe.  Grayish 
patches  or  spots  in  the  throat  and  tonsils.  Adhe- 
rent crusts  in  vault  of  pharynx. 

Stomacbi — Fatty  or  rich  food  causes  indigestion. 
Vomiting  of  white,  opaque  mucus;  water  gathers  in 
the  mouth.  Pain  in  the  stomach,  with  constipation* 
Bulimia;  hunger  disappears  by  drinking  water, 
.  Ahdomen. — Abdominal  tenderness  and  swelling* 
Flatulence.  Thread-worms,  causing  itching  at  the 
anus, 

StooL — Constipation;  light-colored  stools.  Diar- 
rhoea, after  fatty  food;  clay-colored,  white  or  slimy 

>ol&.     Dysentery;    purging,    with    slimy    &tCio\s. 


J  70  K:ALI    MURIATICUM. 

Hftmorrhirids;    bleeding;    blood    dark    and    thicks 
fibrioous,  clotted. 

Female. — Menstruation  too  late  or  ^uppressed^ 
checked  or  too  early;  excessive  discharge;  dark- 
clotted  or  tough  black  blood,  Uke  tar.  [Plat^]  Ley- 
corrhoea;  discharge  of  milky-white  mucu.s,  thick, 
non-irritatingn  bland.  Morning  sickness,  with  %'om- 
iting  of  white  phlegm. 

Respiratory  Organg.— X^ss  of  voica;  hoarseness 
Asthma^  with  gastric  derangements;  mucus  while 
and  hard  to  cough  up.  Loud»  noisy  stomach  cough; 
cough  short,  acute,  and  spasmodic,  like  whooping- 
cough;  expectoration  thick  and  white.  Rattling 
sounds  of  air  passing  through  thick,  tenacious  mucys 
in  the  bronchi ;  difficult  to  cough  up. 

Back  aBd  Extremities, — Rheumatic  fever;  exuda- 
tion  and  swelling  aro  and  the  join  is.  Rheumat  ic  pains 
felt  only  during  motion  or  increased  by  it.  Nightly 
rheumatic  pains;  worse  from  warmth  of  bed;  Ught- 
ning-like  from  small  of  back  to  feet;  must  get  out  of 
bed  and  sit  up.     Hands  get  stiff  while  writing. 

Skin, — Acne,  erythema,  and  eczema,  miih  veskUs 
containing  thick  w^hite  contents,  Dry,  flour-hke 
iw^les  on  the  skin.     [Atsenic] 

Modalities, — Worse,  rich  food,  fats,  motion. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Kino  (otorrhoea,  with 
stitches  in  right  ear);  Bry,:  Mercur.;  Puis,:  Sttlfk. 

Dose. — Third  to  twelfth  potency. 


KALI    HITRICUM.  371 

KALI   NITRICDM— NITRUM, 

(Hitt-ate  of  Potassium — Saltpeter.) 

Asthma,  gastro-intestinal  mflammation,  with 
much  debility,  and  relapses  in  phthisis  call  for  this 
remedy.     Suppurative  nephritis. 

Head.^ — Scalp  very  sensitive.  Headache,  with 
vertigo,  as  if  falling  to  right  side  and  baclcwards; 
worse,  stoopii^g. 

Eyes, — Vision  becomes  clouded.  Turbid  corpus 
vitreum.  [Am.;  Ham.;  Solan^  n^;  Phos^  Varie- 
gated-colored rings  before  eyes.  Burning  and  lach- 
rymation. 

Kose,^ — Sneering,  Swollen  feeling;  worse,  right 
nostril.  Point  red  and  itching.  Polypus,  {Sang. 
niL] 

Mouth. — ^Tongue  red,  with  burning  pimples ;  bums 
at  tip.     Throat  constricted  and  sore. 

Stool. — Thin,  watery,  bloody*  Membranous 
shreds,  with  tenesmus.     Diarrkma  from  eaiing  v€aL 

Femak. — Menses  too  early,  profuse,  black;  pre- 
ceded and  With  violent  backache.      Leucorrhoea. 

Respiratory, — Hoarseness.  Dry  morning  cough, 
with  pain  in  chest  and  bloody  expectoration.  ^  j^- 
ffUit  with  excessive  dyspnoea,  nausea,  dull  stitches, 
and  burning  in  chest.  Dyspnoea  so  great  that  breath 
cannot  be  held  long  enough  to  drink,  though  thirs^ty- 
Chest  feels  constricted*  Oppression  worse  in  mom- 
ing.  Sour-smelling  expectoration.  Expectoration 
o£  clotted  blood  after  hawking  mucus.  Acute  ex- 
acerbations in  phthisis;  congestion  to  lungs.  Spas^ 
modic  croup;  paroxysms  of  crowing.  Laryngeal 
diphtheria* 


372 


fCALI    NlT.^— KAtI    PEHMANGANICUM. 


Heart.^Pulse  weak,  snudlt  thready.  Violent 
stitch  in  praecordia,  and  beating  of  heart. 

Extremities. — -Stitches  between  shoulder-blades. 
Tearing  and  sticking  in  shoulders  and  joints.  Hands 
and  fingers  seem  swollen. 

Modalities. ^ — Worse^  eating  veaL  Better t  drinldng 
sips  of  water. 

Relationship. — Antidotes:    Opium;  Nitr^  sp,  duk^ 

Antidote  to  Opium  and  Morphine  poisonings  ft-w 
grains  to  glass  of  water. 

Compare:  Cannctb.  sat*  (which  contains  a  large 
amount  of  Kali  nii.)\  Lycop.;  Sanguin.;  AUittm  saii 
Aniiman.  iod. 

Dose. — Third  to  thirtieth  potency. 


KALI    PERMATrGANICUM. 

{Permangaimte  of  Pota^ium.) 

Intense  irritation  of  nose,  throat,  and  laryns. 
Diphtheria.  Dysmenorrhoea.  Bites  of  serpents 
and  for  other  animal  poisons. 

Respiratory. — Bleeding  from  nose.  Nasal  dis- 
charge. Smarts  and  irritates.  Constrictive,  smart- 
ing sensation  in  throat.  Larynx  feels  raw.  Short , 
hacking  cough. 

Throat.^S  woollen  and  painful.  Ever>^hiflg 
hawked  up  streaked  with  blood.  Posterior  nares 
painfu!.  Muscles  of  neck  feel  sore.  Swollen  uvula. 
Fetor  of  breath. 

Dose  .^Locally,  ^  dram  to  a  quart  of  water*  to 
correct  fetor  in  cancer,  ulcer,  oacena  and  other  fo^^ 
odors.  Also:  as  an  injection  in  leucorrhoea  and 
gonorrhoea.     Internally,  ax  dilution  in  water. 


KALI    PHOSPHORICUH.  37J 


KALI    PHOSPHORICUM. 

(Pliosphate  of  Potassium.) 

One  of  the  greatest  nerve  remedies ^  Especially 
adapted  to  the  young.  Marked  disturbance  of  the 
sympathetic  nervous  system.  Conditions  arising 
froofi  watti  of  nerve  power ^  neurasthenia,  mental  and 
physical  depression  are  wonderfully  improved  by 
this  remedy.  Besides^  it  corresponds  to  states  of 
adynamia  and  decay,  gangrenous  conditions.  In 
these  two  directions  it  has  ivon  many  clinical  laurels. 

Mind. — Anxiety,  nsrvous  dread,  lethargy.  Indis- 
position to  meet  people.  Extreme  lassitude  and  de- 
pression. Very  nervous;  starts  easily,  irritabk^ 
Brain-fag;  hysteria;  night  terrors.  Somnambulance. 
Loss  of  memory.  Slightest  labor  seems  a  heavy  task. 
Great  despondency  about  business.  Shyness;  dis- 
inclined to  converse. 

Head. — Occipital  headache;  better,  after  rising. 
Vertigo*  from  lying,  on  standing  up,  from  sitting, 
and  when  looking  upward,  [Granat.]  Cerebral 
an<Emia.  Headache  of  students  and  those  worn  out 
by  fatigue.  Headaches  are  relieved  by  gentle  mo- 
tion. Headache,  with  weary,  empty,  gone  feeling 
at  stomach.     [Ign.;  Sep.] 

Eyes, — Weakness  of  sight;  loss  of  perceptive  pow- 
er; after  diphtheria,  from  exhaustion.  Drooping  of 
eyelids.     [Caust.] 

"Emrs.—  Humming  and  busizing  in  the  ears. 

FTose.— Nasal  disease,  with  offensive  odor;  fetid 
discharge. 

Face. — -Livid  and  sunken,  with  hollow  eyes 
Right-sided  neuralgia,  relieved  by  cold  applications 


U 


t 


374  KALI    PHOSPHORrCtJM. 

Mouth.^Breath  offensive ^  fetid.  Tongue  coated 
brownish,  like  mustard.  Excessively  dry  in  th« 
morning.  Toothache,  with  easily-bleeding  gums^: 
they  have  a  bright-red  seam  on  them.  Gums  spongy 
and  receding.     [Caps.;   Hamafrt.;  Z.£w;/t.] 

Throat,- — Gangrenous  sore  throat.  Paralysis  of 
the  vocal  chords. 

Stomach, — A  nervous »  "gone'^  sensation  at  the  pit 
of  the  stomach.     [Ign.;  Sep.;  Sulph] 

Abdomen. — Diarrhoea;  foul,  ptttrid  odor;  occa- 
sioned by  fright,  with  depression  and  exhaustion. 
Diarrhcea  while  eating.  Dysentery;  stools  consist 
of  pure  blood;  patient  becomes  delirious;  abdomen 
swells.  Cholera ;  stools  have  the  appearance  of  rice 
water.  [  Verat.;  Ars.;  Jatrofh.]  Prolapsus  recti 
[Ign.;  Pod.] 

Female. — Menstruation  too  late  or  too  scanty  ^ 
pale,  irritable,  sensitive,  lachrymose  females.  Too 
profuse  discharge,  deep-red  or  blackish-red,  thin  and 
not  coagulating;  sometimes  with  oflEensive  odor, 

Male, — Nocturnal  emissions;  sexual  power  di- 
minished ;  u 1 1 er  prostration aftercoitus.    [ Kali cmh] 

Urinary  Organs, — Enuresis.  Incontinence  of 
urine.  Bleeding  from  the  urethra.  Very  yell^' 
urine- 

Respiratory. — Asthma;  least  food  aggravates. 
Short  breath  on  going  up-stairs.  Cotigh;  yellow  Q%- 
pectoration. 

Extremities. — Paralytic  lameness  in  back  and  es* 
t remit ies.  Exertion  aggravates.  Pains,  with  de- 
pression and  subsequent  exhaustion. 

Modalities, — Worse,  eating,  cold,  early  momirtg^ 
Better,  warmth. 


KALI    PHOS. — 'KALI    SULPH.  375 

Helationsliip. — Compare:  Zinc;  (Jels.^  Cimicij.; 
Laches,;  Mur.  ac. 

Dose. — Third  to  twelfth  trituration.  The  highest 
potencies  seem  to  be  indicated  in  certain  cases. 


KALI   SULPHURICUM. 
(Potassltim  Sulphate 0 

Ailitieiits  accompanied  by  profuse  descjuamation* 
Applicable  to  the  later  stages  of  inflammation.  Yel- 
low mucous  and  serous  discharges.  Has  been  found 
of  nriTich  use  in  oxaluria. 

Head.— Rheumatic  headiichej  beginning  in  even- 
ing.    Bald  spots.     Dandrtiff  and  scaldhcad. 

Ears,— Eustachian  deafnes^s.  Discharge  of  yellow 
matter,     [  HydT.\ 

Nose, — Colds,  with  yellow,  slimy  expectoration. 
Nose  obstructed,     Smell  lost.     [Nat,  mttr.] 

Face.^ — Aches  in  heated  room.     Epithehoma. 

Stomach. — Tongne  coated  yellow  and  slimy.  In- 
sipid, pappy  taste.  Gums  painful.  Burmng  thirst, 
nauseat  and  vomit ing.  Load  feeling,  Dread  of  hot 
drinks. 

Abdomen. — Colicky  pains;  abdomen  feels  cold 
to  touch ;  tympanitic,  tease.  Yellow^  slimy  diar- 
rhoea.    Constipation,    with  hsemorrhoids.     [Sidph,] 

Male. — Gonorrhoea;  discharge  slimy^  yellowish- 
green.     Orchitis.     Gleet. 

Female,— Menses  too  late,  scanty,  with  feeling  of 
weight  in  abdomen.    Metrorrhagia. 

Hespiratory^- — Coarse  rales.  RaUUng  of  mucus  in 
chest.     [Tart,  em,]     Bronchial  asthma,  with  yellow 


'J 


376 


KALI    SULPH, KALMIA    LATIFOLIA* 


I 


expectoration.  Coiigh ;  worse  In  evening  and  in  hot 
atmosphere.     Croupy   hoarseness*     [Hep;    S/wwgJ 

E^ttremities, — Pain  in  nape,  back,  and  limljs; 
worse  in  warm   room. .   Shifting^  wandering  pains. 

Fever. — Rise  of  temperature  at  night.  Inter- 
mittent fever,  with  yellow,  slimy  tongue. 

Skin. — Psoriasis.  [.4r^,;  Thyroid,^  Eczema; 
burning,  itching,  papular  eruption.  Nettle -rash  ^ 
Polypi.     Epithelioma- 

ModaUties.^-T^<?r5^,  in  evening,  heated  room 
Eeiier,  cool^  open  air. 

Rektionship. — Compare;  PulsaL:  Kali  btck: 
Nat.  m. 

Dose, — Third  to  tweltth  potency. 

KALMIA    LATIFOLIA. 

(Mountain  Laurel.) 

A  rheumatic  remedy.  Pains  shift  rapidly,  Hai 
also  a  prominent  action  on  the  heart.  Neuralgia; 
pains  shoot  downwards,  with  numbness.  FulguroiiH 
pains  of  locomotor  ataxia.  Protracted  and  contin- 
uous fevers,  with  tympanites. 

Head* — Vertigo;  worse  stooping.  Confusion  of 
brain.  Pain  in  front  and  temporal  region  from  head 
to  nape  and  to  teeth ;  from  cardiac  origin. 

Eyes. — Vision  impaired.  Shff,  drawing  sensatio*^ 
wkhs  moving  eyes.  Rheumatic  iritis.  Scleritis,  pQ^^ 
increased  by  moving  the  eye. 

Face. — Neuralgia;  worse  right  Side.  Stitches  in 
tongue. 

Stomach, — Warm,  glowing  sensation  in  epigas- 
trium.    Nausea;  vomiting.     Patn  in  pit  of  sttmmkr 


?™ 


^^; 


KALMtA    LATIFOLIA.  ^f 

orse  by  bending  forward;  relieved  by  sitting  erect. 
Bilious  attacks^  with  nausea,  vtrtigo,  and  headache. 

tJrinary. — Frequent,  with  sharp  pains  in  lumbat^ 
region.     Post -scarlatina)  nephritis.  ^| 

I  Heart — Weak,  slow  pulse.       [Dig.;  Apoc.  can.] 

^^"luttering  of  heart,  with  anxiety,         Palpitation; 

^futorse    leaning    forward.        Gouty    and    rheumatic 

metastasis    to    heart.         Tachycardia ^    with    pain. 

[Thyroid.]     Tobacco  heart.       Dyspnoean       Shooting 

through  chest  above  heart  into  shoulder-blades.      ^B 

Female. — Menses  too  early,  or  suppressed,  witn" 
in  in  limbs  and  back  and  inside  of  thighs.     Leu- 

corrhoea  follows  menses. 

Back, — Pain  down  back,  as  tf  it  would  breaks 

in   localized   regions  of  spine;    through    shouiders^^ 

It^umbar  pains,  of  nervous  origin.  ^m 

,  Extremities. — Pains  from  hips  to  knees  and  feet, 
Patns  affect  a  large  part  of  a  limb,  or  several  joints, 
Rtid  pass  through  quickly.  Weakness,  numbness, 
pricking,  and  sense  of  coldness  in  limbs.  Pains 
along  uhtar  nerve,  index  finger.  Joints  red,  hot, 
^Bswollen.  ^R 

"      Modalities. — Worse,    leaning    forward    [opposite," 
Kali  curb]:  looking  down;  motion,  open  air. 

Relationship. — Compare:     Numbness,  with  neu- 
ralgic pain:     Aeon.;  Graph.;  Plat.;  Cham,;  Rkus^ 
pig.;  Ledum;  Lith. 
Complementary;  Benz,  acid. 

Dose.^First  to  sixth  potency* 


m^ 

^ 


37S 


KAOLIN KREOSOTUM. 


^9i« 


KAOLIN. 

(China  ClayO 

A  remedy  for  croup  and  bronchitis. 

Nose, — Itching  and  burning.  Discharge  yeliow. 
Sore^  scabby^  stopped  up. 

Respiratory. — Sitreness  of  chest  along  tracbea; 
cannot  sstand  percussion.  Gray  sputa.  Capilkry 
bronchi ti&.  Larynx  and  ehast  sore.  Membra nouj 
croup — extends  down  trachea. 

Dose. — ^Lower  triturations. 


KKEOSOTVU. 

(Kreosote.) 

Pulsations  all  over  the  body,  and  profuse  blf  eding 
from  small  wounds.  Very  severe  old  neuralgic  aflfec^ 
tions ;  pains  rather  aggravated  by  rest.  Excorinlinit 
burnings  and  offensive  discharges.  Haemorrhages, 
ulcerations,  cancerous  aff&ctione.  Rapid  decompo- 
sition ot  fluids  and  secretions,  and  burning  pains- 
Overgrown,  poorly  developed  children.  Post-cli- 
macteric diseases.  Tumefaction,  puffiness,  gaa- 
}?rene. 

Menial.— Music  causes  weeping  and  palpitatioti 
V*ani siting  of  thought;  stupid ^  forgetful,  peevish ► 

Head,— 1  nil  pain,  as  from  a  board  pressii^ 
against  forehead.  Menstrual  headache.  Occipital 
pain.     [Cels.;  ZifK  pic] 

Eyes,— Salty  lachrj'^niationH    Lids  red  and  swollen 

Ears, — Eruption  aroimd,  and  pimples  withiH' 
Difficult  hearing  and  buzzing. 


EEEOSOTUM.  375 

Mouth.-— Lips  red,  bleeding.  Very  painful  dentt* 
Hon :  child  will  not  sleep.  Very  ri2f>id  dect-iy  of  teeik^ 
mnih  spongy,  bleeding  gums;  teeth  dark:  and  crumbly. 
^tapk.;  Ant.  <r.]     Putrid  odor  and  bitter  taste. 

Hose.- — Offensive  smell  and  discharge.  Acrid 
rawness.     Lupus,     [Ars.;  X-ray.] 

Throat. — Burning,  choking  sensation.  Putrid 
ixiar^ 

Stomach. ^Nausea ;  vomiting  of  tood  several  hours 
after  eating ;  of  sweetish  water  in  the  morning.  Feel- 
ing of  coldness,  as  of  ice -water  in  stonmch.  Sore- 
ness; better  eating.  Paititul  hard  spot.  Haema- 
temcsis.     Bitter  taste  after  a  swallow  of  water. 

Abdomen. — Distended.  Burning  haemorrhoids. 
Diarrhoea;  very  offensive;  dark  brown.  Blood >%  fe* 
tid  stools.  Cholera  infantum  in  connection  with 
painful  dentition.     [Cak^  phos.] 

Urine.— Can  urinate  only  when  lying;  cannot  get 
out  of  bed  quick  enough  during  first  sleep.  Dreanis 
of  urinating.  Enuresis  in  the  first  part  of  night. 
Musi  hurry  when  desire  contcs  to  urinaie. 

Female.— Dining  menses,  difficult  hearing;  buz- 
zing and  roaring;  eruption  after.  Burning  and  sore* 
ness  in  external  and  Internal  parts.  Leucorrhcea, 
yellow,  acrid;  odor  of  green  corn;  worse  between 
periods-  Haemorrhage  after  coition.  Menses  too 
early (  prolonged.  Vomiting  of  pregnancy,  with 
ptyalism.  Menstrual  flow  intermits  [Puls.\\  ceases 
on  sitting  or  walking ;  reappears  on  Ij'ing  down.  Pain 
worse  after  menses^     Lochia  offensive;  intermits. 

Respiratory, —  Hoarse,  with  pain  in  larynx.  Cough; 
worse  evening,  with  efforts  to  vomit »  with  ^lain  U\ 
chest.     Ruw  burning  In  cbeJ^t ;  pavn^  atv^  oi^^<i^i\Q^. 


38o 


KREOSOTUM — LABURNUM. 


Gangrene  of  lungs.  After  every  cough,  capious 
purulent  expectoration.  Hsenioptysis.  Sternum  feels 
pressed  in. 

Back, — Dragging  backache,  extending  to  genitals 
and  down  thighs.     Great  debility. 

Extremities. — Pain  in  joints,  hip  and  knee.  Bor- 
ing pain  in  hip-joints.     Scapulae  sore. 

Skin* — Itchingt  wor^ie  towards  evening.  Birni- 
ing  in  soles.  Senile  gangrene.  Small  wounds  bleed 
freely.  [Crot.;  Lack.;  Phos]  Pustules  and  herpes. 
Ecchymosis;  dorsal  surface  of  fingers  and  hands 
eczema  tous. 

Modalities. — Worse,  in  open  air,  cold,  rest,  when 
lying;  after  menstruation.  Belies .  from  warmth ^ 
motion^  warm  diet. 

Relationship. — Antidote:  Ni4^x.     Ininiical:  Cafh^^ 

Complementary''  in  malignant  disease:  Ars.i  Phcs,: 
Sulph. 

Gtimacol  is  the  principal  constituent  of  Kreoscrte. 
and  similar  in  action.  Used  in  pulmonary  tubercti- 
losis.  Compare,  also:  Carhol.  ac;  lod^;  Locke s.: 
Tart,  em^;  Lye. 

Dose,— Third  to  thirtieth  potency.  The  aooth 
in  sensitive  patients. 


LABURHUM, 
(Cystisus  Laburnum.) 
Constant    vertigo,    intense    sleepiness,    voniilUig' 
wide-spread  anaesthesia,  and  convulsions  are  som^ 
of  the  chief  effects  of  this  drug. 

Head, — Stupefaction;  indifference.  [Phos,  QC] 
Unequally  dilated  pupils;  giddinrss;  twitching  of 
facia  J  muscles.     [Agarir.]     Hydrocephalus. 


LABURNUM ^I,AC    CANINTJM, 


381 


Stomach,— Excessive    thirst.     Constant 
vomiting;  burning  pain  in  epigastrium. 

Abdomen. — Tenesmus     and     erections, 
green  iirine. 

Relationship  .^Antidote :  Coffee. 

Compare:    Nux;  Gels, 
-Third  potency. 


nausea^ 


Grass- 


^Doae- 

m 


LAC    CANmUM. 
(Dog's  Milk.) 

This  remedy  is  of  undoubted  value  in  certain 
forms  of  sore  throat  and  diphtheria  and  rheumatism* 
The  key-note  symptom  is  erratic  pains,  aUernating 
sides ^  Feels  as  if  walking  on  air,  or  of  not  touching 
the  bed  when  lying  down.     Oj&oena. 

Mind.^Very  forgetful;  in  writing,  makes  mis- 
takes. Despondent;  thinks  her  disease  incurable. 
Attacks  of  rage.  Visions  of  snakes.  Thinks  him- 
self of  little  consequence. 

Head, — Pain  first  one  side,  then  the  other,  Oc- 
cipal  pain  with  shooting  pain  extending  to  forehead. 
Sensation  as  if  brain  were  alternately  contracted  and 
relaxed.     Noises  in  ears.      Reverberation  of  voice. 

Nose. — Cory^a;  one  nostril  stuffed  up,  the  other 
free;  alternate.  A1<e  nasi  and  comers  of  mouth 
cracked.  Bones  of  nose  sore  to  pressure.  Bloody 
pus  discharged. 

Throat. — Sensitive  to  touch.  Painful  swallow- 
ing; pain  extends  to  ears.  Sore  throat  and  cough 
with  menstruation.  Tonsillitis  and  diphtheria  symp- 
toms change  repeatedly  from  side  to  side.  Shining ^ 
glased  appearance  of  deposit.  Stiffness  of  neck  and 
tongtie-     Profuse  saliva.     Throat  feels  huttied  ta.^ . 


4 


382 


LAC  CANINUM LAC  DBFLORATUM, 


Female. — Menses  too  early,  profuse,  flow  in  gushes. 
Breasts  swollen;  painful  before  [Calc,  c;  Can.;  Puis], 
and  better  on  appearance  of  menses*  Mastitis; 
worse  least  jar.  Helps  to  dry  up  milk.  Sinking  at 
epigastrium.  Sexual  organs  easily  excited.  Back- 
ache; spine  very  sensitive  to  touch  or  pressure. 
Oalaciorrhcea. 

ModalitieB,- — Worse,  morning  of  one  day  and  in 
the  evening  of  next. 

Relationship.— Compare;  Lack.;  Can.;  Lac  fell- 
nu^n — Cat's  Milk — (ciliary  neuralgia;  eye  symp- 
toms, photophobia ;  dysmenorrhoea) ;  L^c  vaccinum 
— Cow's  Milk — (headache^  rheumatic  pains,  consti- 
pation); Lac  vacctnufn  coagi^laiHm — Curds — (nausea 
o!  pregnancy);  Lactis  vacctm  flos — Cream— (diph- 
theria, leucorrhoea,  menorrhagic  dysphagia);  LaC' 
tic  ac. 


k 


Dose, ^-Thirtieth  and  the  highest  potencies. 


LAC    DEFLORATUM, 

(Skimmed  Milk,) 


I 


A  remedy  for  diseases  with  faulty  nutrition ;  dcTiC 
headaches,  with  profuse  flow  of  urine  during  pain. 

Head, — Despondent.  Pain  begins  in  forehead  to 
occiput,  in  morning  on  rising.  Intense  throbbing, 
with  nausea  J  vomiting,  blindness,  and  obstinate  con- 
stijmtion ;  worse,  noise,  light,  motion,  ditring  menses» 
with  great  prostration,  and  better  by  preasurft  and 
bandaging  head  tightly. 

StooL—Consii^Hion.  Stook  hard,  large,  with 
great  straining;  painful,  lacerating  anus, 

Rel&tioDBMp, — Compare:    Colostrum.     (Diarrhoea 


hAC    DEFLOH,' — LACERTA- — LACHESlS.  3S3 

in  infants.     Whole  body  smells  i^oun     Colic.)     Nat. 

l>ose.^— Sixth  to  thirtieth  potency. 

^M^  LACERTA. 

^^^  (Green  Lizard.) 

1  SMn  eruptions.     Vesicles  under  tongue.     Increas- 

L  ^d  mental  acumnen.  Difficult  swallowing.  Constant 
W  Jicctim Illation  of  saHva  in  the  mouth.  Xausea,  vio- 
lent pressure  in  stomach. 

LACHESlS. 
(Lance ^headed  Viper.) 

Like  aU  snake  poisons^  Lachesls  decomposes  the 
blood,  rendering  it  more  fluid ;  hence  a  hemorrhagic 
tendency  is  marked.  Purpura,  septic  states,  diph- 
theria, and  other  low  forms  of  disease  when  the  sys- 
tem is  thoroughly  poisoned  and  the  prostration  is 
profound.  The  mod  ati ties  are  mof;t  important  in 
guiding  to  the  remedy.  Very  i  n  port  ant  during  the 
climacteric  and  for  patients  of  a  melancholic  dispo- 
sit  ion.     Ill  effects  of  suppressed  discharges. 

Mind. — Great  loquacity.  Amati%^e.  Sad  in  the 
morning;  no  dtsire  to  mix  with  the  world.  Restless 
and  uneasy;  does  not  wish  to  attend  to  business; 
wants  to  be  off  somewhere  all  the  time.  Jealous. 
[  Hyas^]  Mental  labor  best  performed  at  night.  Re- 
ligious insanity.  [  Verat,;  S^ram.]  Derangement  of 
the  time  sense. 

Head. — Pain  through  head  6n  awaking, 
root   of   nose.     Pressure   and    burning   on   vertex.         I 
Waves  of  pain;  worse  after  moving,     Sun 
aches.     With  headache,  very  pale  face. 


gement  of   ^J 

Pain  at  ^^t 
n  vertex.  I 
km   head-         1 


sH 


LACHE5IS. 


Eyes. — Defective  vision  after  diphtheria,  ex- 
trinsic muscles  too  weaK  to  maintain  focus.  Sensa- 
tion as  if  eyes  were  dra'wn  together  by  cords  which 
were  tied  in  a  knot  at  root  of  nose* 

Ears. — Tearing  pain  from  zygoma  into  ear;  also 
with  sore  throat.     Ear-wax  hard,  dry. 

Nose , — Bleeding ,  nos  trils  sensit  i  ve .  C  or y  za .  pre- 
ceded by  headache.  Hay  asthma;  paroxysms  ot 
sneering.     [Siika;  Sabad~] 

Mouth. ^ — Gums  swollen,  sjjongy,  bleed.  Tongue 
swollen,  burns.  Aptkous  a  fid  denuded  spots  with 
burning  and  rawness.  Nauseous  taste.  Teeth  achi> 
pain  extends  to  ears.     Pain  in  facial  bones. 

Face. — Pale.  Trifacial  neTiralgia^  left  aide,  heat 
running  up  into  head.  {Fkos.]  Tearing  pain  in 
jaw-bones.  \^AmpkishiFna;  Phos]  Purple,  mottled, 
pnffed;  looks  swollen,  bloated*  jaundiced,  chlorotic. 

Throat.— -QmM5 J.  Intensely  swollen,  externally 
and  internally.  Diphtheria;  membrane  dusky, 
blackish ;  pain  aggravated  by  hoi  drinks;  chronic  sore 
throat,  with  much  hawking;  mucus  sticks,  and  can- 
not be  forced  up  or  down.  Very  painful;  worse  slight' 
est  pressure,  touch  is  even  more  annoying.  Worse  <?i* 
left  side.  In  diphtheria,  etc.,  the  trouble  began  on 
the  left  side.  Tonsils  purplish.  Purple,  livid  color 
of  throat.  Peeling  as  if  something  was  swnlku 
which  must  be  swallowed;  worse,  swaUounng  saliva 
or  liquids.  Pain  into  ear^  Collar  and  necktaftd 
must  be  very  loose. 

Stomach. ^Craving  for  alcohol,  oysters.  Any  food 
causes  distress.  Pit  of  stomach  painful  to  touch- 
Hungry,  cannot  wait  for  food. 

Ahdomen. — Liver   region   sensitive,    cannot   hmf 


anything  around  waist.  Especially  stiitable  to 
drunkards.  Abdomen  tympanitict  sensitive,  pain- 
ful.    [Bell.] 

StooL — Constipated^  offensive  stool.  Anus  feels 
tight,  as  if  nothing  could  go  through  it.  Pain  dart- 
ing up  the  rectum  every  time  he  sneezes  or  coughs. 
Ha^morrhsge  from  bowels  like  charred  straw ^  black 
particles.  Hjemorrhoids  protrude,  become  aynstrict- 
edj  purplish.  Stitches  in  thtm  on  sneezing  or  cough- 
ing.     Constant  urging  in  rectum,  not  for  stool. 

Female  ^^Climacteric  troubles,  palpitation,  flashes 
of  beat,  hasmorrhagefi,  vertex  headache,  fainting 
spells;  worse ^  pressure  of  clothes.  Menses  too  short, 
too  feeble;  pains  all  relieved  by  the  flow.  [Eti^pion.] 
Left  ovary  very  painful  and  swollen,  indurated. 
Mamma;  inflamed,  bluish ►  Coccyx  and  sacrum 
pain,  especially  on  rising  from  sitting  posture.  Acts 
especially  well  at  beginning  and  close  of  menstru- 
ation. 

Male. — Intense  excitement  of  sexual  organs. 

Respiratory. — Upper  part  of  windpipe  very  sus- 
ceptible to  touch.  Sensation  of  suffocation  and 
•strangulation  on  lying  down,  particularly  when  any- 
thing is  around  throat;  compels  patient  to  spring  from 
bed  and  rush  for  open  window.  Spasm  of  glottis; 
ieels  as  if  something  ran  from  neck  to  larynx.  Feels 
ie  must  take  a  deep  breath.  Cramp-like  distress  in 
praecordiai  region.  Cough;  dry,  suffocating  fits, 
pickling.  Little  secretion  and  much  sensitiveness; 
^orse,  pressure  on  larynx,  after  sleep,  open  air. 
^reathing  almost  stops  on  falling  asleep,  [Grind.] 
I^arynx  painful  to  touch.  Sensation  as  of  a  plug 
[,4mo£-.]  which  moved  up  and  down,  with  a  short 
bough. 


386  LACHBSI8. 

Heart. — Palpitation,  with  fainting  spells,  espe- 
cially diiring  climacteric.  Constricted  feeling,  caus- 
ing palpitation,  with  anxiety.  Cyanosis.  Irreg- 
ular beats. 

Sleep. — Patient  sleeps  into  an  aggravation.  Sud- 
den startings  when  falling  asleep.  Sleepiness,  yet 
cannot  sleep.     [Bell.;  Op.]     Wide-awake  in  evening. 

Fever. — Chilly  in  back;  feet  icy-cold;  hot  flushes 
and  hqt  perspiration.  Paroxysm  returns  after  acids. 
Intermittent  fever  every  spring. 

Skin. — Hot  perspiration,  bluish ^  purplish  appear- 
ance. Boils,  carbuncles,  ulcers,  with  bluish,  purple 
surroundings.  Dark  blisters.  Bed-sores,  with  black 
edges.  Blue-black  swellings.  Pyaemia;  dissective 
wounds.  Purpura,  with  intense  prostration.  Senile 
erysipelas.     Wens.     Cellulitis. 

Modalities. — Worse,  after  sleep,  left  side,  in  the 
spring,  warm  bath,  pressure  or  constriction,  hot 
drinks.  Better,  appearance  of  discharges,  warm  ap 
plications. 

Relationship. — Antidotes:  Ars.;  Merc;  Heat; 
Alcohol;  Salt. 

Complementary:     Lycop.;  Hep.;  Salamandra. 

Incompatible:    Acet.  ac;  Carb.  ac. 

Compare:  Nat.  m.;  Nitr.  ac.;  Crotal.;  Amphis- 
bcena — Snake -lizard — (right  jaw  swollen  and  pain- 
ful, lancinating  pains);  Naja;  Scolopendra — Centi- 
pede— (malignant  pustule;  angina  pectoris).  Le- 
pidium  (Affections  of  the  breast,  heart;  lancinating 
pains. 

Dose. — Seventh  to  200th  potency. 


LACHKANTES LACTICUM    ACIDUM.  387 

LACHNANTES.  ^ 

(Spirit- weed,)  ■ 

I      A    remedy   for  torticollis,    rheumatic  symptoms 
about     neck.  Tuberculosis — -light-complexioned 

people. 

Head. — Right-sided  pain,  extending  down  to  jaw; 
head  feels  enlarged;  worse ^  least  noise.  Scalp  pain- 
rful.  Sleepless.  Circumscxibed  red  cheeks,  and 
burning  in  paltns  and  soles. 

Neck. — Drawn  over  to  one  side  in  sore  throat. 
Rheumatism  of  the  neck.  Stiffness  of  neck.  Pain 
in  nape,  as  if  dislocated* 

I     Skin. — Body  icy -cold;  face  yellow, 

Rela tianstiip , — C ompare:  Dttlc;  Bry.;  Puis, ;  also 
\  Pel  tauri  (nape  of  neck  pa  ins ,  and  great  tension 
'  there). 
I      Dose-— Third  potency. 

I  LACTICUM    ACIBUM,  M 

(Lactic  Acid,) 

Morning  sickness,  diabetes^  and  rheumatism  offer 
a.  field  for  this  remedy.  Troubles  in  the  hreasis.  Lo- 
cally, in  tuberculous  ulceration  of  vocal  cords. 

Stomach. — Tongue  dry,  parched.      Thirst;  vora- 

jCious  hunger.     Canker,  copious  salivation  attd  waier- 

iibrash.     Nausea;  morning  sicknesSj  especially  in  pale, 

^aneBmic  women.     Hot,  acrid  eructation.     Nausea; 

better,  eating. 

\      Throat. — Fullness  or  lump  like  a  puff-balL    Keeps 
iwallowing.     Constricted  low  down. 


388  LACTICUM    ACIDUM ^LACTUCA   VIROSA. 

Chest. — Pain  in  breasts,  Tvith  enlargement  of  axil- 
lary glands,  and  pain  extends  into  hand. 

Extremities. — Rheumatic  pain  in  joints  and 
shoulders,  wrists,  knees,  with  much  weakness.  Trem- 
bling of  whole  body  while  walking.  Limbs  feel 
chilly. 

Urine. — Large  quantities  passed  frequently.  Sac- 
charine. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Ldthia;  Phos.  ac. 
Dose. — ^Third  to  thirtieth  potency. 

LACTUCA    VIROSA. 
(Acrid  Lettuce.) 

This  remedy  acts  principally  upon  the  brain  and 
circulatory  system.  Delirium  tremens,  with  sleep- 
lessness, coldness,  and  tremor.  Hydrothorax  and 
ascites.  Impotence.  Sense  of  hghtness  and  tight- 
ness affecting  whole  body.  Seems  to  be  a  true 
galactagogue. 

Mind. — Stupefaction  of  sense.     Great  restlessness. 

Head. — Dull,  heavy,  confused,  dizzy.  Heat  of 
face  and  headache,  with  general  coldness.  Head- 
ache, with  affections  of  respiratory  organs. 

Abdomen. — Sensation  of  weight,  of  fullness;  bor- 
borygmi;  abundant  emission  of  wind. 

Chest. — Difficult  breathing.  Suffocative  breath- 
ing from  dropsy  of  the  chest.  Constant  tickling 
cough.  Incessant  spasmodic  cough,  as  if  chest 
would  fly  to  pieces.  Squeezing  sensation  in  lower 
chest. 

Sleep. — Restless ;  impossible  to  get  to  sleep.  Deep 
comatose  sleep. 


LACTUCA^ — LAMIUM — -LAPIS    ALDUS. 


3S9 


Bxtremities. — Coldness  and  nuiTibneSii  of  feet  and 
legs.     Tremor  of  handf^  and  arms.  , 

RelationsMp- — Antidotes:    AceL  ac;  Coff. 

Compare:  Mattdus  (constipa.tion  and  somnolence; 
susceptible  to  aitra  of  others);  Lack.;  Kali  cart.; 
Spirantkes  (galactagogue). 

Dose , ' — Tine  t  u  re . 

LAMIUM, 

(White  Nettle.) 

Headache,  wiik  backward  and  forward  motion  of 
kead.  Ley  corr  h  oea  and  mcTises  tooearlyandscanty. 
Haemorrhoids;  hard  stool,  with  blood.  Sensation 
iti  urethra  as  though  a  drop  of  water  were  flowing 
through  it.  Tearing  in  the  extremities.  Haemop- 
tysis. 

LAPIS    ALBtJS. 

(SiUco -Fluoride  of  Calcium.) 

Affections  of  glands,  goitre,  pre-ulcerative  stage  of 
carcinoma.  Burning,  stinging  pain  in  breast,  stom- 
ach,  and  uterus.  Connective  tissue  about  glands 
specially  affected.  Ravenous  appetite.  Remarka- 
bly successful  in  scrofulous  affections,  except  in  ma- 
larial cases.      Uterine  carcinmna. 

CheBt. — Persistent  pain  in  mammary  region. 
Glandular  hardening, 

Skiiip — Scrofulous  abscesise^  and  sores.  Enlarge- 
ment and  induratiori  of  glands,  especially  cervical. 
Lipoma,  sarcoma,  carcinoma.     Pruritus. 

Relationehip,— Compare:  Badiaga;  Ars,  iod.; 
Calc.  tod.;  Con.;  Kal.  iod.;  Astorias^ 

Dose, — First  to  thirtieth  potency, 


390  LAPPA LATHYRUS. 

LAPPA. 

(Burdock.) 

Very  important  in  skin  therapeutics.  Eruptions 
on  the  head,  face,  and  neck;  pimples;  acne.  Styes, 
and  ulcerations  on  the  edges  of  the  eyelids.  Pro- 
fuse and  frequent  urination. 

Extremities. — Pain  in  hands,  knees,  and  ankles, 
extending  downward  to  fingers  and  toes.  Pain  in 
all  joints.     Eruption  on  extremities. 

Female. — Uterine  displacements.  An  exceeding- 
ly sore,  bruised  feeling  in  the  uterus,  with  great  re- 
laxation of  the  vaginal  tissues;  apparently  entire 
lack  of  tonicity  of  pelvic  contents.  These  sjnnp- 
toms  all  aggravated  by  standing,  walking,  a  misstep, 
or  sudden  jar. 

Dose. — Tincture,  to  third  potency. 

LATHYRUS. 
(Chick-Pea.) 

Paralytic  affections  of  lower  extremities,  with  hy- 
peraesthesia  of  the  skin.  Vertigo  when  standing, 
with  eyes  closed.  Great  exaggeration  of  the  reflexes. 
Spastic  paraplegia.     Athetosis.     Beri-beri. 

Extremities. — ^Tremulous,  tottering  gait.  Excess- 
ive rigidity  of  legs;  spastic  gait.  Cannot  extend  or 
cross  legs  when  sitting.  Myelitis,  with  marked 
spastic  symptoms.  Rheumatic  paralysis.  Gluteal 
muscles  and  lower  limbs  emaciated.  Legs  blue; 
swollen,  if  hanging  down. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Oxytrop.;  Secale;  Ag- 
rostema — Corn-cockle — (impaired  locomotion;  diffi- 


LATHYR.— LATRODEC— LAUROCERASUS.         39! 

ctijty   in  temaimng   erect;    vertigo  and   headache. 
Burning  from  lower  jaw  to  vertex). 
Dose. — Third  potency. 

LATRODECT0S, 

(Spider.) 

A  picture  of  angina  pectorh  is  presented  by  the 
action  of  this  drug.  The  prsecordial  region  seems  to 
be  the  center  of  attack. 

Head.— Anxiety.  Screams  with  pain.  Pain  up 
neck  to  back  of  head. 

Respiratory, ^Extreme  apncea.  Gasping  respira- 
tion.    Fears  losing  breath. 

Chest. — Violent  precordial  pain  extending  to  the 
axilla  and  down  the  a^rm  and  forearm  to  fingers,  with 
numbness  of  the  extremity.  Pulse  feeble  and  rapid. 
Sinking  sensation  at  the  epigastrium. 

Extremities.— Pain  in  left  arm^  feels  paralysed. 
Skin  cold  as  marble. 

Dose. — ^Third  to  sixth  potency. 


i 


LAUROCERASUS. 

(Che  rr  y-Lft  ureL) 

;pasmodic  tickling  cough  is  often  magically  infiU' 
ehc»:fd  by  this  drug.  Lack  of  reaction,  especially  in 
chest  and  heart  affections.  Drink  rolls  a^idibly 
through  (Esophapis  and  intesiines. 

Fever. — 4Z:oldne£s;  chills  and  heat  alternate. 
Thirst,  with  dry  mouth  in  afternoon. 

Respirmtory, — Cyanosis  and  dyspnoea;  worse,  sit- 
ting   up.     [Fsor.]     Patient    puts   Viand    oti  ^^eaxX^ 


I 


392  LAUROCERASUS — LEDUM. 

Cough,  with  valvular  disease.  Exercise  causes  pain 
around  heart.  Tickling,  dry  cough.  Dyspnoea. 
Constriction  of  chest.  Cough,  with  copious  jelly- 
like or  bloody  expectoration.  Small  and  feeble 
pulse.  Threatening  paralysis  of  lungs.  Gasping 
for  breath;  clutches  at  heart. 

Extremities. — Toe  and  finger  nails  become  knotty. 
Skin  blue.  Sprained  pains  in  hips  and  thighs  and 
heels.  Cold,  clammy  feet  and  legs.  Clubbing  of 
fingers. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Hydrocy.  ac.;  Hyoscy.; 
Ambra;   Valer. 

Dose. — ^Tincture,  to  third  potency.  Cherry- 
Laurel  water,  two  to  five-drop  doses. 


LEDUM. 

(Marsh-Tea.) 

Affects  especially  the  rheumatic  diathesis,  going 
through  all  the  changes  from  functional  pain  to  al- 
tered secretions  and  deposits  of  sohd  earthy  matter 
in  the  tissues.  The  Ledum  rheumatism  begins  in 
feet,  and  travels  upward.  It  affects  also  the  skin, 
producing  an  eruption  like  Poison-oak,  and  is  anti- 
dotal thereto  as  well  as  to  stings  of  insects.  There 
is  a  general  lack  of  animal  heat,  and  yet  heat  of  bed 
is  intolerable.  For  punctured  wounds,  produced  by 
sharp-pointed  instruments  or  bites,  particularly  if 
the  wounded  parts  are  cold,  this  is  the  remedy. 

Head. — Vertigo  when  walking,  with  tendency  to 
fall  to  one  side.  Distress  when  head  is  covered. 
Nosebleed.     [Meltlot.;  Bry.] 

Eyes. — Aching  in  eyes.     Extravasation  of  blood 


LEDUM. 


303 


in  lids,  conjunctiva*  ai^ueous  or  vitreous.  Contused 
wounds.     Cataract  with  gout. 

Faee,- — Red  pimples  on  farckead  and  checks;  sting- 
ing when  touched.  Crusty  eruption  around  nose 
and  nioulh. 

Respiratory. — Biiming  in  nose.  Cough,  with 
bloody  expectoration.  Dyspnoea;  chest  feels  con- 
stricted.  Haemoptysis,  alternating  with  rheuma- 
tism. Chest  hurts  when  touched.  Whooping- 
cough,  spasmodic,  double  inspiration. 

Rectum, — Anal  fissures.     Haemorrhoidal  pain. 

Extremities. — Gouty  pains  shoot  all  through  the 
foot  and  limb,  and  in  all  joints,  but  especially  small 
joints.  Swollen,  hot^  pale*  Throbbing  in  right 
shoulder,  i  Pressure  in  shoulders  worse  motion. 
Cracking  in  joints;  worse,  warmth  of  bed.  Gouty 
nodosities.  Ball  of  great  toe  swollen.  [Botkrops,] 
Rheunmtism  begins  in  lower  limbs  and  ascends, 
[Kalmia  opjx>site.]  Ankles  swollen.  Soles  pain^ 
ful^  can  hardly  step  on  them,  [-4nf.  c.;  Lye.]  Easy 
spraining  of  ankle. 

Fever. — Coldness,  want  of  animal  hpat  Sensa- 
tion  as  of  cold  water  over  parts;  general  coldness 
with  heat  of  face. 

Skin. — Acne  on  forehead,  sticking  pain  therein. 
Ecaema  (facial).  Itching  of  feet  and  ankles,  worse, 
scratching  and  warmth  of  bed.  Ecchymosis,  Long 
discoloration  after  injuries.  Carbuncles.  Antidote 
lo  Rhus  ^joisoning,     [Grindei.;  Cyprip.;  Anac] 

Modalities. — Better,  from  coldt  putting  feet  in  cold 
water,     Worse,  at  night,  and  froni  heat  of  bed. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Rtda;  Ham.:  Bellis; 
Arnua. 

Doae.^Third  to  aooth  potency. 


394       LEMNA    MINOR — LEPIDIUM — LEPTANDRA. 

LEMNA    MINOR. 
(Duckweed.) 

A  catarrhal  remedy.  Acts  especially  upon  the 
nostrils.  Nasal  polypi;  swollen  turbinates.  Atro- 
phic rhinitis.  Asthma  from  nasal  obstruction; 
worse  in  wet  weather. 

Nose. — Putrid  smell;  loss  of  smell.  Crusts.  Post- 
nasal dropping. 

Mouth. — Putrid  taste  on  rising  in  the  morning. 
Dry  pharynx  and  larynx. 

Abdomen. — Disposition  to  noisy  diarrhoea. 

Modalities. — Worse,  in  damp,  rainy  weather,  es- 
pecially heavy  ratns. 

Relationship. — Compare:  [Dulc.,  damp  surround- 
ings and  foggy  weatherl.  Calc;  Teucr.;  Calend.; 
Dulc;  Nat.  sulph. 

Dose. — Third  to  thirtieth  potency. 

LEPIDIUM. 

(Cress.) 

A  streak  of  pain  from  the  temple  to  the  chin  as 
if  the  face  were  cut  with  a  razor.  Burning  in  throat, 
roaring  in  ears.  Sensation  of  a  tight  girdle  around 
chest,  as  of  a  knife  piercing  the  heart.  Pain  in  neck, 
back,  and  extremities.     Compare:  Arnica. 

LEPTANDRA. 

(Culver's  Root.) 

A  liver  remedy,  with  jaundice  and  blacky  tarry 
stools.     Bilious  states.     Enfeebled  portal  circulation. 


K 


LEPTANDRA — LILIUM    TIGRINUM.) 


395 


HcAd*— Dull  frontal  pain ;  vertigo,  drowsiness,  and 

depression*     Smarting  and  aching  in  eyes. 

I      Stomach. — Tongue  coated  ysltow.     Great  distress 

I  in   stomach   and  intestines^  with  desire  for  stooL 

AcHng  in  region  of  liver  extending  to  spine,  which 

I  feels  chilly* 

StooL— Rf  of  use  black,   fetid  stools,  with   pain  at 
umbilicus.      Bleeding   piles.      Typhoid   stools  turn 
li  black  and  look  hke  tar.     Clay -colored  stools  with 
jaundice* 

i      Relationship.— Compare:      Podop,;    Iris;     Bry.; 
\M€rc.;  Ptel.;  Myrica. 

Dose. — Tincture^  to  third  potency. 

LILIUM    TIGRIRUM. 
(Tiger-LUj.) 

Manifests  powerful  influence  over  the  pelvic  or- 
gans, and  is  adapted  to  many  refiex  states  dependent 
on  some  pathological  condition  of  uterus  and  ovaries. 
More  often  indicated  in  unmarried  women.  The 
action  on  the  heart  is  very  marked*  Pain  in  small 
spots.     {OxaL  ac.} 

Mind,^ — Tormented  about  her  salvation.  Conso- 
lation aggravates.  Profoufid  depression  of  spiriis. 
Anxious;  fears  some  organic  and  incurable  disease. 
Disposed  to  ctnse,  strike,  think  obscene  things. 
I  Aimless,  hurried  manner;  must  keep  busy. 

Head. — Hot,  dull,  heavy.  Faint  in  warm  room* 
Wild  feeling  in  head. 

Ejes* — Hyperesthesia  of  retina*  Pain,  extend- 
ing back  into  head;  lachrymation,  and  impaired 
vi^oo.     Myopic  astigmatism. 


i 


396  LILIUM    TIGRINUM. 

Stomach. — Flatulence;  nausea,  with  sensation  of 
lump  in  stomach.  Hungry;  longs  for  meat.  Thirs- 
ty, drinks  often  and  much,  and  before  severe  symp- 
toms.    Abdomen  sore,  distended. 

Urinary. — Frequent  urging.  Urine  milky,  scanty, 
hot. 

Stool. — Constant  desire  to  defecate,  from  pres- 
sure in  rectum.  Early-morning  tirgent  stool.  Dys- 
entery; mucus  and  blood,  with  tenesmus,  espec- 
ially in  plethoric  and  nervous  women  at  change  of 
Ufe. 

Heart. — Sensation  as  if  heart  were  grasped  in  a 
vise.  [Cact.]  Feels  full  to  bursting.  Pulsations 
over  whole  body.  Palpitation;  irregular  pulse; 
very  rapid.  Pain  in  cardiac  region,  with  feeling  of 
a  load  on  chest.  Cold  feeling  about  heart.  Suffo- 
cating feeling  in  a  crowded  and  warm  room.  [Apis; 
lod.;  Lye;  Puis.] 

Female. — Menses  early,  scanty,  dark,  offensive. 
■flow  only  when  moving  about.  Bearing-down  sen- 
sation, with  urgent  desire  for  stool,  as  though  all 
organs  would  escape.  [Sep.;  Lac.  c;  Bell.]  Con- 
gestion of  uterus,  prolapse,  and  anteversion.  Con- 
stant desire  to  support  parts  externally.  Pain  in 
ovaries  and  down  thighs.  Acrid  brown  leucorrhoea; 
smarting  in  labia.  Sexual  instinct  awakened. 
Bloated  feeling  in  uterine  region.     Subinvolution. 

Extremities. — Cannot  walk  on  uneven  groimd. 
Pain  in  back  and  spine,  with  trembUng.  Pricking 
in  fingers.  Pain  in  right  hip.  Legs  ache;  cannot 
keep  them  still.     Burning  palms  and  soles. 

Sleep. — Unrefreshing,  with  disagreeable  dreams. 
Unable  to  sleep,  with  wild  feeling  in  head. 


LILTUM.— LtMULtfS— ^LtNARIA.  39J 

Fever. — Great  heat  and  lassitude  in  afternoon  < 
^th  throbbing  throughout  body. 

Modalities. — Worse^  consolation^  warm  room. 
Better,  fresh  air. 

Ralationsliip. — Comparer  CacL;  Melon.;  Mutwx; 
Sep.;  Plat,;  PaUad. 

Antidote  i.    Helon, 

Dose. — The  middle  and  higher  potencies  seem  to 
have  done  best.  Its  curative  action  sometimes  is 
slow  in  developing  itself, 

LIMDLUS.     [XIPHOSURA.] 
( Horse-foot — King-  crab . ) 

Rush  of  blood  to  tace.  [Aster.]  Pressure  above 
no&e  and  behind  eyes^  Bodily  and  mental  depres- 
sion- drowsiness,  after  sea  bathing.  Painful  full- 
ness  of  whole  right  side  of  body.  Abdomen  hot,  burn- 
ing,  constricted,  Criwal  neuralgia.  Soles  of  feet 
ache,  feel  benumbed.     Pain  in  right  hip-joint. 

Relationship. — Compara:  Aster ias;  Homarus. 


L 


LDTARIA. 

(Toad-flax.) 


Acts  prominently  within  the  domain  of  the  pneu- 
mogastrics.  Enteric  symptoms  and  great  drowsi- 
itess  very  marked.  Cardiac  fainting.  Enuresis. 
Tongue  roughs  dry;  throat  con>stricted.  Coldness. 
Confusion  in  head.  Irresistible  sleepiness.  Symp- 
toms worse  walking  in  open  air. 
Relationship . — Com  pare ;  Linum  usttaiissimu  m 
ma,  hay -fever,  and  urticaria.  Trismus  and 
lysis  of  tongue). 


398  LITHIUM   CARBONICUlf. 

LITHIUM    CARBONICUM. 

(Carbonate  of  Lithium.) 

Chronic  rheumatism  connected  with  heart  lesions 
and  asthenopia  offer  a  field  for  this  remedy. 

Head. — ^Tension,  as  if  bound;  better,  sitting  and 
going  out.  Externally  sensitive.  Headache  ceases 
while  eating.  Trembling  and  throbbing.  Pain  in 
heart;  extends  to  head.     Inspired  air  feels  cold. 

Eyes. — Half  vision;  invisible  right  half.  Photo- 
phobia.    Pain  over  eyes.     Dry  lids. 

Stomach. — Acidity,  nausea,  gnawing  relieved  by 
eating.  [Anacard.]  Cannot  endure  slightest  pres- 
sure of  clothes.     [Laches.] 

Urine. — ^Tenesmus.  Turbid  urine,  with  mucus 
and  red  deposit.  Pain  in  region  of  right  kidney. 
Free  and  colorless.  While  urinating,  pressure  in 
heart. 

Respiratory. — Constriction  of  chest.  Violent  cough 
when  lying  down.  Air  feels  cold  when  inspired. 
Pain  in  mammary  glands,  which  extends  into  the 
arms  and  fingers. 

Heart. — Rheumatic  soreness  in  cardiac  region. 
Sudden  shock  in  heart.  Throbbing,  dull  stitch  in 
cardiac  region.  Pains  in  heart  before  menses,  and 
associated  with  pains  in  bladder.  Trembling  and 
fluttering  in  heart,  extending  to  back. 

Extremities. — Paralytic  stiffness  all  over.  Itch- 
ing about  joints.  Rheumatic  pains  throughout 
shoulder- joint,  arm,  and  fingers.  Pain  in  hollow 
of  foot,  extending  to  knee.  Swelling  and  tender- 
ness of  finger  and  toe  joints;  better,  hot  water. 


LITHIUM    CARB. LOBELIA    IN  PLATA.  399 

Nodular  swellings  in  joints.  Ankles  pain  when 
walking. 

Skin* — Scabby,  tettery  eruption  on  hands,  head, 
and  cheeks,  preceded  by  re4  raw  skin*  Dull  stitch, 
ending  in  itching. 

ModB)iti^6.— Worse,  in  morriing,  right  side,  Bei^ 
ler,  rising  and  moving  about. 

Relationship,- — Compare:  Lye;  Ammon.  phos.; 
Bens,  ac,;  Calc;  LitMum  lacticufn  {rheiimatism  of 
shoulder  and  small  joints);  Liikutm  muriat  {nose 
sore,  heart-bym,  pain  in  teeth);  LiiJiium  benzoicum 
(diminishing  uric  acid  deposit), 

Doe«,— First  to  third  trituration, 

LOBELIA    INFLATA, 

(Indian  TobaccoO 

Languor,  relaxation  of  muscles,  nausea,  vomitings 
and  dyspnwa,  arc  the  general  indications  that  point 
to  the  use  of  this  remedy  in  asthrna  and  gastric 
affections.  Best  adapted  to  light -complexLioncd, 
fleshy  people*  Bad  effects  of  drunkenness.  A 
local  remedy  for  spasmodic  stricture,  15  drops  into 
urethra  for  a  few  minutes. 

Head*-— Vertigo,  and  fear  of  death .  Gastric  head- 
ache, with  nausea,  vomiting,  and  great  prostration ; 
worse,  afternoon  until  midnight;  tobacco.  Dull 
heavy  pain. 

Face.^ — Bathed  in  cold  sweat,     Sudden  pallor 

M^fs.— Deafness  due  to  suppressed  discharges. 
Shooting  pain  from  throat. 

Stomach. — Extreme  Htjusea  and  vomiting  Mot^- 
ing  ^ckness.     Fmniness  and  weakness    at    et^i^ots- 


400  LOBELIA  INf LATA. 

trium.  Profuse  salivation,  with  good  appetite.  Pro- 
fuse sweat  and  prostration.  Cannot  bear  smell  or 
taste  of  tobacco.  Acrid,  burning  taste ;  acidity,  with 
contractive  feeling  in  pit  of  stonriach.  Flatulence, 
shortness  of  breath  after  eating.  [Carho.^  Heart- 
burn. 

Respiratory. — Dyspncea  from  constriction  of  chest; 
worse,  any  exertion.  Sensation  of  pressure  or 
weight  in  chest ;  better  by  rapid  walking.  Feels  as  if 
heart  would  stop.  Asthma;  attacks,  with  weak- 
ness, felt  in  pit  of  stomach  and  preceded  by  prick- 
ling all  over.  Cramp,  ringing  cough,  short  breath, 
catching  at  throat. 

Back. — Pain  in  sacrum;  cannot  bear  slightest 
touch.     Sits  leaning  forward. 

Modalities. — Worse,  tobacco,  afternoon,  slightest 
motion,  cold,  especially  cold  washing.  Better,  by 
rapid  walking  (chest  pain),  toward  evening,  and 
from  warmth. 

Relationship. — Antidote:  I  pec. 

Compare:  Tabac;  Ars.;  Tart,  e.;    Verat.;  Rosa. 

Lobelia  syphilitica  or  cerulea  (gives  a  perfect  pic- 
ture of  sneezing  influenza,  involving  the  posterior 
nares,  palate,  and  fauces.  Dull  aching  pain  over 
root  of  nose.  Eustachian  catarrh.  Pain  in  pos- 
terior part  of  spleen.) 

Dose. — ^Tincture,  to  thirtieth  potency.  Locally, 
the  tincture  is  antidotal  to  Poison -oak.  Often  the 
Acetum  Lobelia'  acts  better  than  any  other  prepara- 
tion. 


LOBELIA    FUR.— LOLIUM.  401 


^^^^     LOBELIA     PURPURESCENS. 

^^^  (Purple  Lobelia.) 

I  Prolouod  prostration  of  all  the  vital  forces  and  of 
the  nervous  system;  m^^piraiory  paralysis.  Nervous 
prostration  of  infit^nm.     Comii.     Tonguts  white  and 

[.paralyzed. 

Head. — Confiised  and  depresscsd.  Headache  ^ 
with  nausea,  vertigo,  especially  between  eyebrows. 
Cannot  keep  eyes  open;  spasmodic  closure  of  lids. 

Chest  .-Superficial  respiration;  heart  and  lungs 
fael  paralyzed;  respiratioti  slow. 

Eyes, — Impossible  to  keep  open.     Drowsy, 

Relationship.— Compare:  Baptisia.  Lobelia  car- 
dtnaUs  (debility,  especially  of  lower  extremities; 
oppressed  breathing), 

Bose. — Third  potency. 


k 


LOLIUM    TEMULENTUM. 
(DameL) 

!as  been  made  use  of  in  cephalalgia,  sciatica,  par- 
jalysis.     Prostration  and  restlessness, 
I      Head,— Anxious  and  depressed,  confused.     Ver- 
tigo;   must   close    eyes.     Head    heavy.     Noises    in 
cars. 

Stomach. — Nausea,  vomiting.  Pain  in  pit  of 
stomach  and  abdomen.     Severe  purging. 

Extremities. — Gait  unsteady.  Trembling  of  all 
Umbs.  L<>!ii^  of  power  in  extremities.  Violent  pain 
in  calves,  as  if  bound  with  cords.  Cold  extremities. 
Spasmodic  motions  of  arms  and  legs.  Cannot  write ; 
jDannot  hold  a  glass  of  water. 


402       LOLIUM. LONICBRA LUPULUS. 

Relktionship. — Compare:  Secale;  Lathyr. 
Dose. — ^Third  to  sixth  potency. 

LONICERA. 

(Fly-Woodbine.) 

Convulsive  symptoms.     Albuminuria.      Syphilis. 

Head. — Congestion  to  head  and  chest;  coma. 
Contraction  of  one  pupil  and  dilatation  of  the  other. 
Sopor,  eyes  half  open,  red  face. 

Extremities. — ^Jerking  of  limbs.  Trembling  of 
whole  body.  Violent  convulsions.  Limbs  and 
head  fall  over  as  if  paralyzed.     Extremities  cold. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Lonicera  periclymenum 
— Honeysuckle — (irritability  of  temper,  with  violent 
outbursts.     [Crocus.]). 

LUPULUS. 

(Hops.) 

Is  a  good  remedy  in  unstrung  conditions  of  the 
nervous  system  attended  with  nausea,  dizziness, 
headache  following  a  night's  debauch.  InfaniiU 
jaundice.  Urethral  burning.  Drawing  and  twitch- 
ing in  almost  every  muscle.  Nervous  tremors; 
wakefulness  and  delirium  of  drunkards.  Giddiness 
and  stupefaction.  Slow  pulse.  Perspiration  pro- 
fuse, clammy,  greasy. 

Head. — Morbid  vigilance.  Highly  excited.  Dull, 
heavy  headache  with  dizziness.  Drawing  and 
twitching  in  every  muscle. 

Sleep. — Drowsy  during  the  day.     Sopor. 

Male. — Painful  erections.     Emissions,   depending 


19ft  sexual 


hvv  uLus — Ly  CO  po  Di  u  M ,  403 


sexual  weakness  and  after  onanism.  Spermator- 
rhoea. 

Relationship. — Antidotes:  Cvffea;   Vinegar. 

Compare;   Nux,      Uftica;    Cannot. 

Dote* — ^Tincture,  to  third  potency.  Lupulin  1  x 
trit.  (Best  in  seminal  emissions.)  Locally  in  pain- 
ful cancers. 

LYCOPODIUM. 

(Club  Mosi.) 

In  nearly  all  cases  where  Lycopodium  is  the  rem- 
edy^  some  evidence  of  urinary  or  digestive  dis- 
turbance will  be  found,  Lycopodium  is  adapted 
more  especially  to  ailments  gradually  developing, 
functional  power  weakening,  with  failures  of  the 
digestive  powers,  where  the  function  of  the  liver  is 
^nonsly  disturbed.  Atony,  Mild  tetuperanieiits 
of  lymphatic  constitution  with  catarrhal  tendencies ; 
older  persons,  where  the  skin  shows  yellowish  spots, 
earthy  complexion,  uric  acid  diathesis*  etc.  Symp- 
toms characteristically  ran  from  right  to  left*  and 
are  worse  from  about  4  to  8  p.  m.  In  kidney  affec- 
tions, red  sand  in  urine ^  backache  in  renal  region; 
worse  before  urination.  Intolerant  of  cold  drinks; 
craves  everything  iiarm.  Best  adapted  to  persons 
intellectually  keen  but  of  weak  muscular  power. 
Deep-seated,  progressive,  chronic  diseases.  Lithse- 
mia.  Marked  regulating  inftuence  upon  the  glandu- 
lar (sebaceous)  secretions. 

Mind. — Melancholy;  afraid  to  be  ahne.  Little 
things  annoy.  Extremely  sensitivCi  Averse  to  un- 
dertaking new  thing!5.  Headstrong  and  haughty 
when  sick.  Loss  of  self-confidence .  Weak  meta- 
ory,  confus^  thoughts;  speaks  or  ut^iUsTJUTow^iuotdrS 


404  LYCOPODIUM. 

and  syllables.  Failing  brain-power.  [Anac.;  Phos.; 
Baryt.]  Cannot  bear  to  see  anything  new.  Cannot 
read  what  he  writes. 

Head. — Pressing  headache  on  vertex ;  worse  from 
4  to  8  p.  M.,  and  from  lying  down  or  stooping,  if  not 
eating  regularly.  [Cact.]  Pain  in  temples,  as  if 
they  were  screwed  toward  each  other.  Tearing  pain 
in  occiput;  better,  fresh  air.  Great  falling  out  of 
hair.  Eczema;  moist  oozing  behind  ears.  Deep 
furrows  on  forehead. 

Eyes. — Styes  on  lids  near  internal  canthus.  Day- 
blindness.  [Bothrops.]  Night-blindness  more  char- 
acteristic. Sees  only  one  half  of  an  object.  Ulcer- 
ation and  redness  of  lids. 

Ears. — ^Thick,  yellow,  offensive  discharge.  Ec- 
zema about  and  behind  ears.  Otorrhoea  and  deaf- 
ness after  scarlatina. 

Nose. — Sense  of  smell  very  acute.  Feeling  of 
dryness  posteriorly.  Scanty  excoriating  discharge 
anteriorly.  Ulcerated  nostrils.  Crusts  and  elastic 
plugs.  [Kal.  b.;  Teuc]  Fluent  coryza.  Nose 
stopped  up.  Snuffles;  child  starts  from  sleep  rub- 
bing nose.  Fan-like  motion  of  oUb  nasi.  [Kal- 
brom.;  Phos.] 

Face. — Grayish-yellow  color  of  face,  with  blue 
circles  around  eyes.  Withered,  shriveled,  and  ema- 
ciated; copper-colored  eruption.  Dropping  of  lower 
jaw,  in  typhoid  fever.  [Loch.;  Opium.]  Itching; 
scaly  herpes  in  face  and  comer  of  mouth. 

Mouth. — Teeth  excessively  painful  to  touch. 
Toothache,  with  swelling  of  cheeks;  relieved  by 
warm  application.  Dryness  of  mouth  and  tongue, 
without  thirst.        Tongue  dry,  black,  cracked,  s^'ol- 


LYCOFODIUM — ^LYCOPUS    VIRGINICUS.  407 

Warm  applications.  Better,  by  motion,  after  mid- 
night, from  warm  food  and  drink,  on  getting  coM, 
from  being  uncovered ^ 

Relationstiip. — Complementary:  lod.:   Grapkii. 

Antidotes:  Compk.;  Puis.;  Caust. 

Compare:  Ant.  c;  Nat.  m.;  Bry.;  Nuse;  Bothrops 
(day-blindness;  can  scarcely  see  after  sunrise;  pain 
in  right  great  toe). 

Bose^^ — Sixth  to  ^oeth  potency,  and  higher,  in  not 
too  frequent  do^es. 

LYCOPUS    VIRGIWICUS, 

II  (Bugle-Weed,) 

fc^  heart  remedy,  and  of  use  in  exophthalmic  goitre 
P  haemorrhoidal  bleeding.     Indicated  in  diseases 
th  tumultuous  action  of  the  heart  and  more  or  legs 
pain. 

fieftd. — Frontal  headache;  worse,  frontal  emi- 
nences; often  succeeded  by  labored  heart. 

Byes, — Protrusion,  pressing  outward,  with  tu- 
multuous action  of  heart.  Supra -orbital  pain,  with 
aching  in  testicle. 

Heart,— Constriction,  tenderness,  pulse  weak,  ir- 
regular, intermittent,  tremulous,  rapid.  Cyanosis, 
Heart's  action  tumultuous  and  forcible.  Palpita- 
tion from  nervous  irritation,  with  oppression  around 
heart,  Rlieumatotd,  flying  pains  associated  with 
heart  dis^a^e^ 

Refipiratory« — -Wheezing.  Cough,  with  h&jnop- 
tysifl. 

Urine,— Profuse ;  bladder  feels  distended  when 
empty.     Diabetes,     Pain  in  UsitcUs. 


4o6  LYCOFODIUMi 

Male.— No  erectile  pqwer;  impotence.  Prema-tufe 
emission*  [Calad.;  SeL;  Agn.]  Enlarged  prostate^ 
Condylomata. 

Female. — Menses  too  late;  last  too  long*  Vagina 
dry.  Coition  painful.  [Arg,  n,;  Berb.;  Kreas] 
Right  ovarian  pain.  Varicose  veins  of  pudenda. 
Leucorrhoea,  with  btuning  in  vagina.  Discharge  cf 
blood  from  genitals  during  stooL 

Respiratory. — Tickling  cough.  Dyspnoea.  Cough 
worse  going  down-hilL  Cough  deep,  hollow.  Ex- 
pectoration gray,  piirulent,  salty.  [Ars.;  Phos.; 
Puis.]  Night  cough,  tickling  as  from  Sulphur 
fumes.  Catarrh  of  the  chest  in  infants;  seenos  lull 
of  mucus,  ratthng.     Neglected  pnisumonia,* 

Heeu't. — Aneurism,  [Baryt.carb.]  Palpitation  at 
night.     Cannot  lie  on  left  side. 

Extremities »- — Burning  between  scapulae.  Tear- 
ing in  shoulder  and  elbow  joints.  One  foot  hot,  the 
other  cold.  Chronic  gout,  with  chalky  deposits  in 
'  joints      Profuse  sweat  of  the  feet. 

Fever, — Chill  between  3  and  4  p,  m.,  followed  bfy 
sweat.  Icy  coldness.  Sweat  from  least  exertion. 
[Cak.;  SU.;  Hep.] 

Sleep. — Drowsy  during  day.  Starting  in  sleep. 
Dreams  of  accidents* 

Sfcin.— Ulcerates.  Abscesses  beneath  skin ;  worse, 
warm  applications.  Hives;  worse,  warmth.  Vio- 
lent itching.  Fissured  eruptions.  Acne,  Sldn  be- 
comes thick  and  indurated.  Varicose  veins,  ni&vit 
erectile  tumors.  Brown  spots.  Dropsies.  Offeo- 
sive  secretions:  viscid  and  offensive  per  spit  aiion. 

M.o^B.\\tx^s.— Worse ^  right  side,  from  right  to  left^ 
from   above  downwards,  4  to  S  ^.  m.       [SypkU\ 


r 


m 


LYCOPODIUM LycOPUS    VIHGINICUS,  407 


SVaxm  applications.  Better,  by  motion,  after  mid- 
nighty  from  warm  food  and  drink,  on  getting  cold, 
from  being  uncovered. 

Relationship, — Complementary:  lad.;  Graphite 

Antidotes:  Camph.;  Puis.;  Caust. 

Compare:  AnL  c;  Nat.  m.;  Bry.;  Nu%;  Bothrops 
Jday -blindness;  can  scarcely  see  after  sunrise;  pain 
bi  right  great  toe). 

Dose.— Sixth  to  aooth  potency,  and  higher,  in  not 
loo  frequent  doses. 

LYCOPUS  vmGmicus. 

R  {Bugle-Weed.) 

heart  remedy,  and  of  use  in  exophthalmic  goitre 
ind  hemorrhoidal  bleeding.     Indicated  in  diseases 
ith  tumultuous  action  of  the  heart  and  more  or  less 
ain. 

Head. — Frontal  headache;  worse,  frontal  emi- 
aences;  often  succeeded  by  labored  heart. 

Eyes,— Protrusion,  pressing  outward,  with  tu- 
multuous action  of  heart.  Supra-orbital  pain,  with 
Lching  in  testicle. 

Heart. — Constriction,  tenderness,  pulse  weak,  ir- 
regular, intermittent,  tremulous,  rapid.  Cyanosis. 
Heart's  action  ttimulttjous  and  forcible.  Palpita- 
tion from  nervous  irritation,  with  oppression  around 
eart.  Rheumatoid,  flying  pains  associated  with 
aeart  disease. 

Resptratory. — ^ Wheezing.  Cough,  with  haemop- 
tysis. 

Urine. — Profuse;  bladder  feels  distended  when 
^npty.     Diabetes,     Pain  in  testicles, 


4o8        LYCOPUS    VIRGINICUS MAGNESIA    CARB. 

Rectum. — Bleeding  from  rectum.  Haemor- 
rhoids. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Ephedra  (in  exophthal- 
mic goitre;  eyes  feel  pushed  out);  Dig.;  Laur.;  Hyd. 
ac.;  Collins. 

Dose. — First  to  thirtieth  potency. 

MAGNESIA    CARBONICA. 
(Carbonate  of  Magnesia.) 

Gastro-intestinal  catarrh,  with  marked  acidity. 
Often  used  with  advantage  for  complaints  arising 
in  people  who  have  been  taking  this  drug  to  sweeten 
the  stomach.  Is  frequently  indicated  in  children; 
whole  body  smells  sour,  and  disposed  to  boils. 
Broken-down  women,  with  uterine  and  climacteric 
disorders.  With  numbness  and  distention  in  vari- 
ous parts  and  nerve  prostration.  Sensitive  to  the 
least  start,  noise,  touch,  etc.  Affections  of  the  an- 
trum of  Highmore.  Effects  of  shocks,  blows,  men- 
tal distress. 

Head. — Sticking  pain  in  the  side  of  the  head  on 
which  he  lies,  as  if  the  hair  was  pulled ;  worse,  mental 
exertion.  Pain  above  margin  of  right  orbit.  Black 
motes  before  eyes. 

Ears. — Diminished  hearing.  Deafness;  comes 
suddenly  and  varies.  Numbness  of  outer  ear.  Feel- 
ing of  distention  of  middle  ear.     Subdued  tinnitus. 

Face. — Tearing  pain  in  one  side;  worse,  quiet; 
must  move  about.  Toothache,  especially  during 
pregnancy;  worse  at  night;  worse,  cold  and  quiet. 
Teeth  feel  too  long.  Ailments  from  cutting  wisdom- 
teeth. 

Mouth. — Dry   at    night.     Sour   taste.     Vesicular 


MAGNESIA    CARBONICA,  40g 

feruption;  bloody  saliva.  Sticking  pain  in  throat; 
fcawking  up  fetid  pea -colored  particles. 

Stomach. — Desire  for  fruit,  acids,  and  vegetables. 
Eructations  sour,  and  vomiting  of  bttier  wafer r  Crav- 
ing for  meatn 

Abdomen.^Rtimbling,  gurgling.  Dragging  to- 
wards pelvis.  Very  heavy;  contractivet  pinching 
ipain  in  right  iliac  region. 

Stools. — Preceded  by  griping,  colicky  pain.  Green 
wat^y,  frothy,  like  a  frog-pond's  scum.  Bloody  itiu- 
eous  stooLs.  Milk  passes  undigested  in  nursing  chil- 
dren.    Sour^  with  tenesmus.     [Rheum ^ 

Female* — Sore  throat  before  menses  appear.  Menses 
too  late  and  scanty^  thick,  dark,  like  pitch;  mucous 
leucorrhcea.  Menses  flow  only  in  sleep:  more  pro- 
fuse at  night  [Awws.  m],  or  when  lying  down;  cease 
when  walking. 

Respiratory. — Tickling  cough,  with  salty,  bloody 
fxpectoration.  Constrictive  pains  in  chest,  with 
dyspmjea.     Soreness  in  chest  during:  motion. 

Extremities, — Tearing  in  shoulders.  Whole  body 
feels  tired  and  painful,  especially  legs  and  feet. 
Swelling  in  bend  of  knee. 

Skin. — Earthy,  sallow  and  parchment-like;  enia- 
iation.  Itching  ves^icles  on  hands  and  fingers. 
Nodosities  under  skin.     Sore;  sensitive  to  cold. 

Fever, — Chilly  in  evening.  Fever  at  night.  Sour. 
j^easy  i>erspiration. 

Sleep,— Unrefreshing;  more  tired  on  rising  thsin 
Dn  retiring. 

Modalities, — Worse,  warmth  of  bed;  change  of 
temperature ;  every  three  weeks ;  rest.  Better,  warm 
*^ir;  walking  in  open  air. 


I  41c 

I  Relationship^ — Antidotes:  Ars^;  Merc, 

I  Complementary:  Cham. 

I  Compare:    Rheum.;    Kreos,;    Aloes;    Cheiranth^^ 

I  (deafness,  otorrhoea,  nose  stopped  up  at  night  ffom 

I  irritation  of  cutting  %visdam-teeth)  ^ 

L  Dose. — Third  to  thirtieth  potency. 


MAGNESIA    CARS, MAGNESIA    MUR- 


MAGNESIA    MTTRIATICA. 

(Muriate  of  MagneGia.) 
A   Uver  remedy  with   pronoitnced   characteristic 


constipation.  Especially  adapted  to  diseases  of  wo- 
men with  a  long  history  of  indigestion  and  iiteriiie 
disease;  children  who  cannot  digest  milk. 

Head*— Sensitive  to  noise;  bursting  headache; 
worse*  motion,  open  air ;  better,  pressure,  and  wrap- 
ping up  warmly:  {Sil.;  Stront.]  Much  sweating  of 
head.     [Cak.;  SiL] 

Hose.  —  Kostrils  ulcerated.  Coryza.  Nose 
stopped  and  fluent.  Loss  of  smell  and  taste.  Can- 
not lie  down.     Must  breathe  through  mouth. 

Mouth. — Blisters  on  Ups.  Gums  swollen,  ble^ 
easily.  Tongue  feels  burnt  and  scalded.  Throat 
dry,  with  hoarseness. 

Stomach* — Appetite  poor,  bad  taste  in  mouth. 
Eructations  like  rotten  eggs.  Continual  risitig  of 
white  froth  into  mouth.  Cannot  digest  milk,  Urin*: 
can  be  passed  only  by  pressing  abdominal  muscles ► 

Bowels, — Clonstipation  of  infants  during  dentitiopJ 
only  passing  small  quantity;  stools  knotty,  Uke  sheep's 
dung,  crumbling  at  verge  of  anus.  Painful  smarting 
hsemorrhoids. 

Abdomen. ^Pressing  pain  in  liver;  worse  lying  cin 


stool  aad^iSia-  execose. 

L — I^pit&tiott  aad  cBrdac  pain  whil^  sil 

Mtsfimwrf^ — Spttsmodic  dry  co«3£|i;  wc»^« 
pftrt  of  cigtit,  with  btxmng  mnd  sore  cliest. 

Extreimides. — Pkin  in  back  and  hipe;  in  a^rmsi 
legs.     Arms  "go  to  sleep"  wben  wakiiig  in  moftilii 

Sleep. — Sleepy  diinng  day;  nest  less  at  tught.  on 
account  of  beat  and  shocks;  anxious  dfeftms. 

Modalities. — Wm^s4,  immediately  after  eaUog*  ly* 
big  on  light  side.     Bft^r^  fn^n  pressure »  motto 
open  air. 

Relationsliip. — ^ Antidotes:    Cttmph.:  Cham* 
Compare:    Pv*£d.  m.;  Puis.:  Stp*i    Amm.  m*;  N4 
stHrtium  tsqimticum  (cirrhosis  of  liver  and  dropsy).  ,1 

Dose,— Third  to  lootb  potency. 

MAGHESIA     PHOSPHORIC  A, 

(Phosphate  of  Magnesia.) 

The  great  anti'Sj>asmodic  remedy-  No^utaliS^c 
pains,  relieved  by  warmth.  Especially  suitetl  iu  tir«tl» 
languid,  eximustt^d  ?&ubjects. 

Mind.— Laments   all   the    lime    atiout    tlit^    \y^.ii^ 
Inability  to  think  clearly , 


412  MAGNESIA    PHOSPHORICA. 

Head. — ^Aches  after  mental  labor,  with  chilliness; 
always  better  warmth.     [5*7.] 

Eyes. — Supra-orbital  pains;  worse,  right  side;  re- 
lieved by  warmth  applied  externally.  Increased 
lachrymation.  Twitching  of  lids.  Nystagmus,  stra- 
bismus, ptosis. 

Ears. — Severe  neuralgic  pain;  worse  behind  right 
ear;  worse  by  going  into  cold  air  and  washing  face 
and  neck  with  cold  water. 

Mouth. — Toothache;  better  by  heat  and  hot  liquids. 
Ulceration  of  teeth,  with  swelling  of  glands  of  face, 
throat,  and  neck,  and  swelling  of  tongue.  Com- 
plaints of  teething  children.  Spasms  without  febrile 
symptoms. 

Throat. — Soreness  and  stiffness,  especially  right 
side ;  parts  seem  puffy,  with  chilliness  and  aching  all 
over. 

Stomach. — Hiccough,  with  retching  day  and 
night. 

Abdomen. — Enteralgia.  Flatulent  colic,  forcifig 
patient  to  bend  double;  relieved  by  rubbing,  warmth, 
pressure;  accompanied  wtth  belching  of  gas,  which 
gives  no  relief.  Bloated,  full  sensation  in  abdomen', 
must  loosen  clothing,  walk  about,  and  constantly  pass 
flatus. 

Female. — Menstrual  colic.  Membranous  dysmen- 
orrhoea.  Menses  too  early,  dark,  stringy.  Swelling 
of  external  parts.     Ovarian  neuralgia.     Vaginismus. 

Respiratory. — Asthmatic  oppression  of  chest. 
Dry,  tickling  cough.  Spasmodic  cough,  with  diffi- 
culty in  lying  down.     Whooping-cough.     [CoraU] 

Heart. — Angina  pectoris.  Nervous  spasmodic 
palpitation. 


MAGNESIA    PHOS.^MAONESIA    SULPH.  413 

Fever. — ChiUiness  after  dinner,  in  evening.  Chills 
rutt  up  and  down  the  back^  with  shtvering,  followed  by 
a  suffocating  sensation. 

Extremities. — Involuntary  shaking  of  hands.  Pa- 
ralysis  agitans.  Cramps  in  calves.  Sciatica;  feet 
very  tender.  Darting  pains.  Twitchings.  Chcrea- 
Writers*  and  players^  cramp.     Tetanic  spasms, 

ModalitieB. — Worse,  right  side^  cold  touch.  BiH- 
icr.  warmth,  bending  double,  pressure,  friction. 

Reiatinnsliip. — Compare:  Kali  phos.;  Coiocy.t 
Silica;  Zinc.;  Diosc. 

Antidotes:  BelL;  Gels.;  Loch. 

Dose. — First  to  twelfth  potency.  Sometimes  the 
highest  potencies  are  preferable.  Acts  especially 
well  given  in  hot  water. 

MAGNESIA    SULPHURICA. 

(Epsom  Salts.) 

The  skin,  urinary^  and  female  symptoms  are  most 
marked- 

Head* — Apprehensive:  vertigo;  head  heavy  dur- 
ing menses.     Eyes  biirn,  noises  in  ears. 

Stomach. — Frequent  eructations,  tasting  like  bad 
eggs.     Rising  of  water  in  mouth. 

Urinary.— St  itch  e!4  and  burning  in  the  orifice  of 
the  urethra  after  urinating.  Stream  intermits  and 
dribbles.  The  urine  passed  in  the  morning  copious, 
Vjright  yellow,  soon  becomes  turbid,  and  deposits  a 
copious  red  sediment.  The  urine  is  greenish  as 
passed ;  is  of  a  clear  color,  and  in  a  large  quantity. 
Diabetes.     [Pkos.  ac;  Lact.  ac.;  Ars.  brofti.] 

Female.— Thick   leticorrhcea,    as    profuse   as    the 


4 


k 


414  UA&MBStA    SULPfl. ^MAGNOLIA. 

menses^  with  weary  pain  in  the  small  of  the  back  and 
thighs,  on  moving  about.  Some  blood  from  the 
vagina  between  the  menses.  Menstruation  returned 
after  fourteen  days;  the  discharge  was  thick,  black, 
and  profuse.     Menses  too  early,  intermit. 

Heck  and  Back. — Bruised  and  ulcerative  pain  he- 
tween  the  shoulders,  with  a  feeling  as  of  a  lump  as 
large  as  the  fist,  on  which  account  she  could  not  lie 
upon  her  back  or  side ;  reheved  by  rubbing*  Violent 
pain  in  the  small  of  the  back,  as  if  bruised  and  as 
before  menstruation. 

Extremities, — The  left  arm  and  foot  fall  asleep  in 
bed,  in  the  morning  after  waking. 

Skin .^— Small  pimples  over  the  whole  bodVt  that 
itch  violently^  Suppressed  itch.  [Sulph^]  Crawl- 
ing in  the  tips  of  the  fingers  of  the  left  hand ;  better 
on  rubbing.     Warts. 

Fever>— Chill  from  ^  to  10  a.  m.     Shuddering  in 
back;  heat  in  one  part  and  chill  in  another. 
Bo&e, — The  pure  salt  to  the  third  potency* 


1 


MAGWOLIA    GRAimiFLORA. 

(Magnolia.) 

Rheumatism  and  cardiac  lesions  are  promlnfi^t 
features  in  the  therapeutics  of  this  drug,  Stiflnfss 
and  soreness.  Alternating  pains  between  spleen 
and  heart. 

Heart, — Suffocated  feehng  when  walking  fast  or 
Ijong  on  left  side,  Dyspncea.  Crampy  pain  in 
heart.  Angina  pectoris.  Endocarditis  aiid  peri- 
carditis. Tendency  to  faint.  Sensation  as  if  A«^ 
had  Mopp€d  beattng. 


InOLIA. — MALAND.— -MALAmiA. W:aNCIN.      41$ 

lemities. — Stiffness  and  sharp  erratic  pains  ^ 
\n  joints.,  Feet  itch.  Numbness  in  kft  arm. 
iatic  pain  in  clavicles ^  Shooting  in  all  limbs, 
mliti^B.^Worse,  damp  air,  lying  on  left  side; 
Tiing  on  first  rising.  Better,  dry  weather*  mo- 
jitermenstrual  flow.     [Ham..;  Bovista;  Bell,; 

] 

Itionfiliip.— Compare :  Rhus;  Dulcam;  Aurmn. 
^, — ^Third  potency. 

^L  MALAIfDRmUM. 

1^^  (Grease  in  Horses.) 

iry  effectual  protection  against  smallpox.    111- 

of  vaccination.     [Thuja;  Silica.} 
,» — Dry^  scaly,  itching;  rkagades  of  hands  and 

cold  weather  aftd  from  •washing.  Toes  feel 
i  and  itch  terribly.  Bone-like  protuberances. 
K— Thirtieth  potency, 

MALARIA     OFFICINALIS, 

(Decomposed  Vegetable  Matter.) 

e,  malaria,  rheumatism.  Affections  of  spleen, 
{1  sense  of  weariness.     Malarial  cachexia. 

MANCmELLA. 

(Hippomane — Manganeel  Apple.) 

I  symptoms  marked.  To  be  remembered  in 
i  depressed  states  at  puberty  and  at  climac- 
Kth  exalted  sexuality.      [Hbring.)      Loss  of 

. — Silent      mood.       sadness.        Wanderings 


k. 


4l6  MANCINELLA MANGANUM    ACETICUM. 

thoughts.  Sudden  vanishing  of  thought.  Bashful. 
Fear  of  becoming  insane. 

Head. — Vertigo;  head  feels  light,  empty.  Scalp 
itches.     Hair  falls  out  after  acute  sickness. 

Nose. — Illusions  of  smell;  of  gunpowder,  dung; 
etc.     Pressure  at  root  of  nose. 

Mouth. — Feels  peppery.  Copious  offensive  saliva. 
Taste  of  blood.  Burning  in  fauces.  Dysphagia  from 
constriction  of  throat  and  oesophagus. 

Stomach. — Continual  choking  sensation  rising 
from  stomach.  Vomiting  of  ingesta,  followed  by 
griping  and  copious  stools.  Burning  pains  and 
black  vomit. 

Skin. — Intense  erythema.  Vesicles.  Fimgoid 
growths.  Erysipelas.  Large  blisters,  as  from  scalds. 
Heavy  brown  crusts  and  scabs.     Pemphigus. 

Relationship. — Compare :  Croton;  jatropha;  Canth; 
Anacard. 

Dose. — Sixth  to  thirtieth  potency. 

MANGANUM    ACETICUM. 
(Manganese  Acetate.) 

Inflammation  of  bones  or  joints,  with  nightly  dig- 
ging pains.  Asthmatic  persons  who  cannot  lie  on 
a  feather  pillow.  Syphilitic  and  chlorotic  patients 
with  general  anaemia  and  paralytic  symptoms  often 
are  benefited  by  this  drug.  Gout.  For  speakers 
and  singers.  Great  accumulation  of  mucus.  Grow- 
ing pains  and  weak  ankles. 

Head. — Anxiety  and  fear;  better,  lying  down. 
Feels  large  and  heavy,  with  rush  of  blood;  pain  from 
above  downward. 


MANGANUM    ACETICLTM.  417 

Mouth. — Toothache;  worse,  anything  cold.  [Coff, 
oppos i te . ]     Hem m i n g  a  11  the  time ,     [Arg.  m. ;  SiL] 

Hose. — Dry,  obstructed.  Chronic  catarrh,  with 
bleeding,  dryness;  worse  in  cold  damp  weather. 

E&TS. — Feel  stopped;  cracking  on  blowing  nose. 
Pain  fri>m  other  parts  extends  to  ears.  Deafness  in 
dannp  weather. 

ReBpirfttory. — Chronic  hoarseness.  Larynx  dry, 
rough  t  CO  nut  ricted .  T  nl^erculosis  of  la  ry  nx .  Cough ; 
worse  evening,  and  better  lying  ditwn.  Mucus  diffi- 
cult to  loosen.  Stitches  in  larynx  extending  to  ear. 
Heat  in  chest.  Hasinoptysis.  Every  cold  rouses  up 
a  bronchitis,     [DhIc] 

Eztremitiea. — Ankles  painful.  Bones  very  sen- 
sitive. Shiny  red  swelling  of  joints.  Km^es  pain 
and  itch.  Rheumatism  of  feet.  Intolerable  pain 
in  skin  of  lower  liitibs.  Biitnirig  spots  about  joints. 
Periosteal  inflammation.  Suppuration  of  skin 
around  joints- 

Sleep .^ — Vivid  dreams.  Sleepy  very  early  in 
evening. 

Skin,— Red  elevated  spots.  Itching;  better, 
scratching;  Deep  cracks  in  bends  of  elbows,  etc. 
Psoriasis  and  pityriasis.     Burning  around  ulcers. 

Modalities^^H^or^str,  cold  wet  wea^ther.  Better ^ 
lying  down  (cough). 

Relationship. — Compare:  Afangan.  ninr.  {painful 
ankles,  bone-pains);  Mangan.  oxydai.  (pain  in  tibia, 
dysmenorrhoea,  colic,  and  diarrhoea);  Mangan. 
suiph.  (liver  affections;  excess  of  bile);  Argent.; 
Rhus;  Sulph. 

Antidotes:  Coff,;  Merc, 

Dofie*— Sixth  to  thirtieth  poteikjcy. 


MEDOHRmNUM. 


MEDOMRHINUM. 

(The  Gonorrboeal  Yinis.) 

A  powerful  and  deep -acting  xaedicme,  often  indi- 
cated for  chronic  ailments  due  to  suppressed  gon- 
orrhoea. For  women  with  chronic  pelvic  disorders 
Chronic  rkeumatisfn.  Children  dwarfed  and  stunted. 
State  of  collapse  and  irefntling  ail  ov€r.  History  of 
sycosis. 

Mind, — Weak  memory*  Loses  the  thread  of  con- 
versation >  Cannot  speak  without  weeping.  Time 
passes  too  slowly.  [Canfiab,  ind.;  Arg.  «.]  Is  in  a 
great  hurry.  Hopeless  of  recovery.  Pears  going 
insane.     [^Mancinella.]     Sensibility  exalted. 

Head. — Burning  pain  in  brain;  worse,  occiput 
Head  heavy  and  drawn  backward.  Headache  from 
jarring  of  cars,  or  exhaustion,  or  hard  work.  Weight 
and  pressure  in  vertex.  Hair  dry,  crispy*  Itching 
of  scalp  \  dandruC 

Eyes,— Feels  as  if  she  stared  at  everything.  Eye- 
balls ache.    Feels  as  if  sticks  in  eyes.     Lids  irritated. 

Ears. — Partial  deafness,  pulsation  in  ears.  Quick 
darting  pains  in  right  ear. 

Nose. — Intense  itching.  Coldness  of  tip.  Pos- 
terior nares  obstructed. 

Mouth i — Tongue  coated  brown  and  thick,  Mis* 
tered;  canker  sores.  Blisters  on  inner  surface  of 
lips  and  cheeks. 

Stonmcb. — Coppery  taste  and  eructations  of  sul- 
phuretted  hydrogen.  Ravenous  hunger  soon  after 
eating.  [Psor.;  Cin]  Very  thirsty.  Cravings  for 
liquor,  salt,  sweets,  etc.,  warm  drinks. 


M£t)ORK1iIKLt»t. 


Stool. — Can  pass  stool  only  by  leamng  very  far 
back.  Painful  lump  sensation  on  posterior  eurfnce 
of  sphincter.  Doting  of  fetid  moist vire.  Int^nsf 
picking  of  amts. 

Urine,— Painful  tenesmus  when  urinating.  Noc- 
tumai  enuresis^  Renal  colic.  IBerb.;  Ocim*;  Far^r .] 
Urine  flows  very  slowly. 

FettuUe. — Intense  pruritus.  Menses  offensim,  pro- 
fuse, dark,  clotted;  stains  difficult  to  wash  out. 
Metrorrhagia.  Intense  menstrual  colic.  Breasts 
coid,  sore,  and  sensitive. 

Male*— Nocturnal  emissions,  followed  by  great 
weakness.  Impotence.  Gleet;  whole  urethra  feels 
sore*     Urethritis. 

Respiratory,— Much  oppression  of  breathing. 
Hoarse  while  reading.  Pain  and  soreness  through 
chest  and  mammse.  Incessant  dry  night  cough. 
Asthma.  Incipient  consumption.  Larynx  feels 
sore.  Dyspnoea;  cannot  exhale.  [Samb.]  Cough; 
better  lying  on  stomach. 

Extremities .^ — Pain  in  back,  with  burning  heat. 
Legs  heavy;  ache  all  night;  cannot  keep  them  stilL 
[Zino,]  Ankles  easily  turn  when  walking.  Burn- 
ing of  hands  and  feet.  [Sulph.;  Lach^]  Pinger- 
jotnts  enlarged «  puffy.  Heels  and  balls  of  feet 
tender.  Soreness  of  soles.  Restless;  better,  clutch* 
ing  hands. 

Skin. — ^ Yellow,  Intense  and  incessant  itching; 
worse  night  and  when  thinking  of  it.  Fiery  red 
rash  about  anus  in  babies.  Copper  colored  spots* 
Favus. 

Fever. — Wants  to  be  fanned  all  the  time.  Chills 
up  and  down  back;  coldness  of  legs»  hands,  ?iA\d  lorn- 


■ 


r 


430  MEDORK. MEDUSA MEL    CUM    SALE* 

arms.  Flashes  of  heat  in  iace  and  neck.  Night- 
sweat  and  hectic. 

Modalities. ^ — Worse,  when  thinldng  of  ailment, 
from  daylight  to  sunset,  heat.  Better,  at  the  sea- 
shore, Ipng  on  stomach,  damp  weather.      \Cmtsi] 

Relationship.— Compare :  Sniph.;  Syphil.;  Zinc. 

Dose. — The  very  highest  potencies  only  of  s^^'ce. 
Must  not  be  repeated  often. 

MEDUSA, 

gelly-Fish.) 
Whole  face  puffed  and  oedematous, — eyes,  nose. 


lips. 

Skln.^Numbness;  burning,  pricking  heat.  Ve- 
sicular eruption,  especially  on  face,  arras,  shoulders^ 
and  bre,asts.     NeUk-fash,      {Apis;  ChloraL;  Duk] 

Female.— Marked  action  on  lacteal  glmids.  The 
secretion  of  milk  was  established  after  lack  of  it  in 
all  pre  violas  confinements. 

Re  Jatio  nship ,  — Com  pare :  Physalia  (urticaria ) ; 
Uriica;  Homar.;  Sep. 

MEL    CUM    SALE. 
(Honey  with  Salt.) 

Prolapsus  uteri  and  chronic  metritis ^  especially 
when  associated  with  sub -involution  and  inflamuiA^ 
tion  of  the  cervix.  The  special  symptom  leading  to 
its  selection  is  a  feeling  0}  soreness  across  the  kyp^' 
gastrium  from  ileum  to  ileum.  Uterine  displace- 
ments, and  in  the  commencenient  of  metritis. 

Dose. — ^Third  to  SLKth  potency. 


MBLILOTUS. 


4ai 


MELILOTUS, 

(Yellow  MelUot — Swe«ft  Clover.) 

Congestions  and  haemorrhages  seem  to  be  the  spe- 
cial manifestations  of  this  drug.  Violent  congestive 
and  nervous  headaches.  Infantile  spasms.  Epi- 
lepsy from  blow  in  head.  Pain  and  debility  point  to 
it*     Coldness,  tenderness^  and  .pain. 

Hind. — Unable  to  fix  mind.  Memory  treach- 
erons.      Stupor,      Wants  to  run  away  and  hide. 

Head. — Heavy,  oppressed;  frontal,  throbbing,  un- 
dulating senFation  in  brain.  Sick  headache;  relieved 
by  espistaxis  or  meftstrual  flaw.  Fullness  ail  aver 
head.  Eyes  heavy;  blurred  sight;  wants  to  close 
them  tightly  for  relief.  Neuralgia  around  eye  and 
over  right  side  of  head  and  neck.  Scalp  sore  and 
tender  to  touch.  ^ 

Nose. — Stopped  up,  rfry,  must  breathe  through 
mouth;  dry  hard  clinkers  in  nose;  profuse  eptstaxis. 

Face,— Intensely  red  and  flushed,  with  throb- 
bing^  carotids.     [BdL] 

StooL — Difficult,  painful,  constipated.  Anus 
feels  constricted,  full,  throbs.  No  desire  until  there 
is  a  large  accumulation.     IBry^;  Alum.] 

Female, — Menses  scanty,  intermit,  with  nausea 
and  bearing-down.  Sticking  pain  in  external  parts. 
Dysmenorrhoea.     Ovarian  neuralgia. 

Respiratory. — Feels  as  if  smothering,  especially 
from  rapid  walking,  Htemoptysis.  Weight  on 
chest.     TickUng  in  throat  with  cough, 

Ezti-emlties. — Pain  in  knee;  wants  to  stretch  leg, 
but  does  not  relieve.     Joints  Bore.     Skin  at\d  ^%.* 


493  MELI  LOTUS. ME«ISPER.— MENTHA. 

tremities  cold.  Numbness  and  aching  in  knee- 
joints. 

Modalities. — Worse^  rainy,  changeable  weather, 
approach  of  storm,  motion;  4  P'  ^- 

Relationship. — Compare:  MelUotus  alba  (epi- 
Etaxis);  A'myL;  Bell.;  Ghn. 

Dose. — ^Tincture,  for  i:nhaling;  lower  potencies. 

MEKISPERMUM. 

(MoonBeed.) 

A  remedy  for  Tnegrim,  associated  with  restless- 
ness and  dreams.      Pain  in  spine.     Dryness,  itching. 

Head. — Pressure  from  within  outwards,  with 
stretching  and  yawning.  Sick  headache;  pain  in 
forehead  and  temples,  moving  to  occiput.  Tongue 
swollen  and  much  saliva.  Itching  all  over;  aggra- 
vated by  warmth. 

Extremities. — Pain  in  back,  thighs,  elbows  ^ 
shoulders.       Legs  sore,  as  if  bruised. 

Relationship . — Com  pare :  Cocculu  s. 

Dose. — Third  potency. 

HEUTHA    PIPERITA. 

(Peppermint.) 

Marked  action  on  respiratory  organs  and  skin* 
Bilious  colic  with  great  accumulation  of  gas. 

Respiratory. — Voice  husky.  Tip  of  nose  sore  to 
touch.  Throat  dry  and  sore,  as  if  pin  crosswise  in 
it.  Dry  cough,  worse  from  air  into  larynx,  tobacco 
smoke,  talking,  with  irritation  in  suprastetnal  }ossa^ 
[KumexA     Trachea  painful  to  louche 


MENTHA,— MENTYANTHES.  423 

Skin. — Every  scratch  becomes  a  sore.  Itching  of 
arni  and  hand  when  writing.  Vaginal  pruritus. 
Herpes  zoster,     [Ars.;  Ran.  btdbJ] 

Relationship. — Compare:  Rumex;  iMckes;  Mentha 
puiegmm  (Pain  in  bones  of  forehead  and  extremi- 
ties). 

Dose. — ^Third  to  thirtieth   potency.     Locally,  in 
I  pruritus  vaginae.. 

MENYANTHES. 

(Buck-Bean.) 

I      A  remedy  for  certain  headaches »  intermittent  fe- 
I  ver.     Coldness   of   abdomen.     Twitch ings.     Sensa- 
tion of  tension  and  compression ^     Fidgets  and  uri- 
nary difficulties  in  women* 

Head. — -Pressing  in  vertex;  better^  hard  p^ressure 
with  hand.  Pressing- together  pain.  Weight  press- 
ing on  hrain  with  every  step  on  ascending.  Pain 
from  nape  over  whole  brain;  better,  stooping,  sit- 
ting; worse,  going  up-stairs.  Cracking  in  jaw  and 
twitching  of  facial  muscles. 

Stomach. ^No  thirst  at  any  time.  Ravenous 
hunger;  passing  away  after  eating  a  little.  Desire 
for  meat.  Sensation  of  coldness  extending  up  to 
oesophagus. 

Abdomen. — Distended  and  full;  increased  by 
smoking  tobacco.       Coldness  of  abdomen^ 

Extremities. — Uy  coidttess  of  hand  and  feel 
Cramp-like  pain.  As  soon  as  patient  lies  down, 
legs  jerk  and  twiick. 

Fever* — Coldness  predominates:  felt  most  acutely 
abdomen  and  legs  and  tip  of  nose. 


i 


426  KBRCtmiUS* 

with  a  raw  sore  feeling;  the  profuse  oily  perspiTation 
does  not  relieve.  Breath  and  body  smell  foui.  Ten- 
dency to  formation  of  pus. 

Mind.— Slow  in  answering  questions.  Memory 
weakened  J  and  loss  of  will-power.  Weary  of  life. 
Mistrustful.     Thinks  he  is  losing  his  reason. 

Head, — Vertigo  when  ly>ing  an  back.  Band-feel- 
ing about  head.  One-sided  tearing  pains.  Tension 
about  scalp,  as  if  bandaged-  Catarrhal  headaches; 
much  heat  in  head.  Stinging,  burning  fetid  erup- 
tions on  scalp.  Loss  of  hair.  Exostoses,  with  feel- 
ing of  soreness.     Scalp  tense:  oily  sweat  on  head. 

Nose. — Much  sneezing.  Nostrils  raw^  ulcwaUdi 
nasal  bones  swollen.  Yellow-green,  fetid,  pus-like 
dischargen  Coryza;  acrid  dJschjirge.  but  too  thick 
to  run  down  the  lip;  wfirsc,  warm  room. 

Eyes  .—Lids  red,  thick,  swollen.  Profuse  burn- 
ingr  acrid  discharge.  Floating  black  spots,  .4/1^ 
exposurt'  to  glare  of  fire;  fonndfymen.  Parei^chyni- 
atous  keratitis  of  syphilitic  o^^igin,  with  burning  paio 
Iritis,  with  hypopyon. 

Ears. — Thick  yellow  discharge i  fetid  and  bloody- 
Otalgia,  worse  warmth  of  bed;  at  night  sticking  pains. 
Boils  in  external  canaL     [Cak.  pic.] 

Kose. — Pain  and  su^elting  of  nasal  banes,  aiid 
caries,  with  greenish  fetid  ulceration.  Nosebleed  at 
night*  Copious  discharge  of  corroding  mucus. 
Coryza.  with  sneezing;  sore,  raw,  smarting  sensa- 
tion; worse,  damp  weather;  prafuse,  fluent. 

Face. — Pale,  earthy,  dirty-looking,  puffy.  Syph- 
ilitic pustules  on  face. 

Mouth, — Sweetish  taste.  Salivary  secreiims 
greatly  increased;  bloody  and  %iscid.     Saliva  fetid, 


1 


MERCURIUS.  4^7 

coppery.  Speech  difficult  on  account  of  trembling 
tongue.  Gums  spoftgy,  recede,  bleed  easily.  Whole 
mouth  fttoist.  Crown  of  teeth  decay.  Teeth  loose; 
feel  tender  and  elongated.  Ton^e  heavy,  thick; 
moist  coating:  yellow,  jiabby^  teeth-indented;  feels  as 
if  burnt,  with  ulcers.  Fetid  odor  from  mouth;  can 
>  smell  it  all  over  room.  ''^' 

'  Throat, — Blnish-red  swelling.  Constant  desJr^Ho 
swallow.  Putrid  sore  throat ;  worse  right  side.  Ul- 
cers and  inflammation  appearing  at  every  change  in 
weather.  Stitches  into  ear  on  swallowing;  fluids  re- 
turn through  nose.  Quinsy,  with  difficult  swallow- 
ing,  after  pus  has  fanned.  Sore,  raw,  smarting,  burn- 
ing throat  ►  Complete  loss  of  voice.  Burning  in 
throat,  as  from  hot  vapor  ascending* 

Stomach, — Putrid  eructatioHv^.     Intense  thirst  for 
cold  drinks.     Weak  digestion,  with  continuous  kun- 
ger.     Stomach  sensitive  to  touch.     Hiccough   atid 
•  reg^urgitation.     Feels  replete  and  constricted* 

Ahdomen, — Stabbing  pain,  with  chilliness.  Bor- 
ing pain  in  right  groin.  Flatulent  distention,  with 
pain.  Liver  enlarged;  sore  to  touch,  indurated. 
Jaundice.     Bile  secreted  deficiently. 

Stool, — Greenish,  bloody  and  slimy,  worse  at  night, 
lidik  pain  and  tenesmus.  Nevet-gei-done  feeling. 
Discharge  accompanied  l>y  chilliness,  sick  stomach, 
cutting  colic,  and  tenesmvii>.     Whitish -gray  stools, 

Urme. — Frequent  urging.  Greenish  discharge 
from  urethra;  burning  in  urethra  on  beginning  to 
urioale.     Urine  dark,  scanty,  bloody,  albuminous. 

Male. — Vesicles  and  ulcers,  soft  chancre.       Cold 
genitals.     Prepuce    irritated;    itches.        Nocturnal 
I  emissions,  stained  with  blood. 


1 
I 

i 


4aB 


UERCURIUS* 


Fenmie. — Menses  proftise*  with  abdominal  pains. 
Leucorrhcea  excoriating,  greenish,  and  bloody,  sen- 
saldon  of  rawness  in  parts.  Siinging  pain  in  ovaries- 
{Apis,}  Itching  and  burning;  worse,  after  urinatin^t 
better,  washing  with  cold  water.  Morning  sick- 
nesSj  with  profuse  salivation.  Mamm^  painful  and 
full  of  milk  at  menses. 

Respiratory. — Soreness  from  fauces  to  sternum. 
Cannot  lie  on  right  side.  Cough,  with  yeUow  muco- 
purulent expectoration.  Paroxysms  of  twos ;  worse, 
night,  and  from  warmth  of  bed.  Catarrh,  with  chil- 
liness; dread  of  air.  Stitches  from  lower  lobe  of 
right  lung  to  back.  Whooping-cough  with  nose- 
bleed.   [Arnica.] 

Back. — Bruised  pain  in  small  of  back,  especially 
when  sitting.  Tearing  pain  in  coccyx;  better,  press- 
ing on  abdomen. 

Extremities  ,^ — ^  Weakness  of  limbs.  Bone -pains. 
Pain  in  limbs;  worse,  night.  Patient  very  sensitive 
to  cold.  Oily  perspiration.  Trembling  exiremitieSy 
especially  hands:  paralysis  agitans.  Lacerating  pain 
in  joints.  Cold,  clammy  sweat  on  legs  at  night. 
Dropsical  swelling  of  feet  and  legs. 

Skin. — Almost  constanUy  moisi.  Excessive,  odor- 
ous, viscid  perspiration ;  worse,  night.  General  ten- 
dency to  free  perspiration,  btd  patient  is  n^t  relieued 
thereby.  Vesicular  and  pustular  eruptions.  Ulcers, 
irregular  in  shape,  edges  undefined.  Pimples  arourifl 
the  main  eruption.  Itching;  worse  from  warmth  of 
bed.  Crusta  lactea;  yellowish -brown  crusts,  coa- 
siderable  suppuration.  Glands  swell  every  tinre 
patient  takes  cold.  Buboes.  Orchitis.  [Clemat.: 
Hamam.;  Puis.] 

FeTer. — Generally  gastric  or  bilious »  with  profu^ 


w 


MEHCURIUS^  429 


iiightly  perspiration;  debility,  slow  and  lingering. 
Jleat  and  shuddering  alternately.  Yellow  perspi- 
jration.  Profuse  perspiraiion  without  relief.  Creep- 
ing chilliness;  worse  in  the  evening  and  into  night. 
Alternate  ftashes  of  beat  in  single  parts. 

•  Modalities, — W&rse,  at  night,  wet,  damp  weather, 
lying  on  right  side,  perspiring;  warm  room  and  warm 
feed. 


1  Relationship. — Compare:  Epihbium  (ptyalismt 
dysphagia) ;  Kalt  kyd,  (in  hard  chancre) ;  Mercurius 
mitrosus — -Nitrate  of  Mercury — (especially  in  pustu- 
nlar  conjunctivitis  and  keratitis;  gonorrhcea  and  mu- 
:o\is  patches,  with  sticking  pains:  syphilides) ;  Mer- 

rius  auraius  (psoriasis   and   syphiUtic   catarrh); 

ercurius  bromaius  (secondary  syphilitic  skin  af- 

iction);  Mercurius  phosphoric tA^s  (nervous  diseases 
m  syphilis;  exostoses);  Mercuritis  prmcipitaii^s 
»t?r    (gonorrhoea:  urethra   felt  as  a  hard   string; 

lancroid;  phagedsenic  ulcer  and  bubo;  pemphigus; 

ucous  patches;  eczema;  barber's  itch;  blepharitis, 

lernally  and  externally;  leaden  heaviness  in  occi- 
put*  with  otorrhaea) ;  Mercuritis  iannicus  (syphiUdes 
in  patients  with  gastro-intestinal  diseases,  or  if  very 
sensitive  to  ordinary  mercurial  preparations); 
Erytkrinus — South  Americaii  Red  Mullet  Fish — 
(in  pityriasis  rubra  and  syphilis);  Lolium  temukn- 
tum  (in  trentbling  of  ha-nds  and  legs};  M^cur.  cum 
kali  (inveterate  colds,  acute  facial  paralysis). 

Compare:  Mez.;  Fhos.;  Syph.;  Kali  inur.  Dif- 
ferent Mercurial  salts. 

Antidotes:   Hep.;  Aur.;  Mez. 

Dose. — First  to  thirtieth  potency. 


430  MBRC.    CYAN  AT. HBRC.    DULCIS. 

I  MERCURIUS    CYAHATUS. 

'  (Cyanide  of  Mercury,) 

'  Affects  most  promuiently  the  buccal  cavity. 

together  with  marked  prostration,  gives  it  a  place  in 
the  treatment  of  diphtheria ^  where  it  has  achieved 
unquestioned  great  results.  Malignant  types,  with 
great  prostration.  Coldness  and  nausea.  Syphihtic 
ulcers  when  perforation  threatens. 
J  Mouth. — Covered  with  ulcerations.      Tongue  pale, 

'        Free  salivation.     Fetor  of  breath.     Pain  and  swell- 
ing of  salivary  glands.     Astringent  taste.      Uket- 
ations  of  mouth  have  a  gray  membrane. 
I  Throat,— Feels    raw    and    sore.     Mucous    mem- 

'  branes  broken  down,  ulcerated.  Looks  raw  in  spots, 
especially  in  public  speakers.  Hoarseness,  and  talk- 
ing  is  painful.  Necrotic  destruction  of  soft  parts  of 
palate  attd  fauces.  Intense  redness  of  fauces.  Swal- 
lowing very  difficult.  Dark  blood  from  nose.  Diph- 
theria of  the  larynx  and  nose.     [Kali  kick.} 

Rectum* — Intolerable    pain.         Redness    around 
anus.     Frequent  haemorrhage ;  stools  with  tenesmus- 
Discharge   of   fetid   liquid   with   gangrenous   odor. 
<         Black  stools. 

Skin.^Moisture,  with  icy  coldness. 
I  Dose.-^-Sixth  to  thirtieth  potency.     Aggravation 

,         is  apt  to  occur  from  potencies  below  the  sixth. 

K 

•  MERCURIUS    DULCIS. 

(CalomeL) 

Has  a  marked  effect  on  catarrhal  inflammations 
of  ear,  and  useful  in  eustacbiarL  catarAv^  dft-aiueaa. 


[ 


»ERC.    DULCIS^ — M^RC,    lODATLfS    PLAVUS.       43 1 

DiarrhcBa,  with  soreness  of  anus.  Prostaiitis,  Re- 
mittent  bilious  attacks.  Pallor  and  flabby  bloated- 
ness. 

Ears. — Otitis  media ;  closure  of  Eustachian  tube ; 
ear  troubles  of  scrtjfulous  children;  membrana  tym- 
pany retracted,  thickened  and  immovable. 

Mouth.— Offensive  breath;  salivation;  sore  gums. 
Eustachian  tube  closed.  Ulcers,  Tongue  black. 
Constant  flow  of  dark  putrid  saliva ;  very  offensive 
Ulceration  of  throat,  with  dysphagia.  Granular 
pharyngitis. 

Stool. — Scanty,  bloody,  mucous^  with  bile,  and 
consUini  desire,  without  tenesmus.  Dark-green,  wa- 
tery, with  griping.  Anns  sore  and  burning.  Dys- 
entery; small  stools  of  m wests  attd  blood,  covered  with 

Skin. — Flabby  mid  Ul-nourishcd.  Swollen  glands. 
Phagedaenic  ulcers.     Copper-colored  eruptions. 

Relationship  .—^Compare:  Kali  fnur. 

Do&e*^^Third  to  sixth  trituration.  For  pallia* 
tive  (non -homoeopathic)  purposes,  to  secure  evacua- 
tion of  bowels,  two  to  three-grain  doses  of  first 
decimal  trituration,  repeated  several  times  every 
two  hours. 

MlRCUItlUS  lODATUS  FLAVUS. 
(Proto-Iodide  of  Mercury^ 
Throat  affections,  with  greatly  swollen  glands  and 
characteristic  coating  of  tongue.  Worse*  right  side. 
Chancre;  induration  remains  long  time.  Swollen 
inguinal  glands;  large  and  hard.  Mammary  tumors, 
wiih  tendency  to  much  warm  perspiration  and  gas- 
tric disturbai3ces. 


432  MERC*    lOD.    FLAV. MERC.    lOD.    RUB. 

Tongue, — Coated  thickly;  yellow  at  ike  base.  Tips 
and  edges  may  ttc  red  and  take  imprmt  of  teeth- 

Throat. — Swelling  begins  on  right  side.  Small 
ulcers  on  posterior  pharynx*  Easily  detached  patch- 
es on  inflamed  pharynx  and  faudbs;  w&rse  on  right 
tonsii;  much  tenacious  mucus.  Sensation  of  a  lump, 
Conslani  itu^litiation  to  swallow. 

Relationship,— Compare  1  Plitnt.  tod.  (in  mam- 
mary  tumors). 

Dose.^First  to  second  trituration. 

MERCURIDS    lODATUS    RUBER. 

(Bin-Iodide  of  Mercury.) 

Diphtheria  and  ulcerated  sort  throats,  especially 
on  left  side,  with  much  glandular  swelling.  Chronic 
suppurating  buboes.  Hard  chancres.  Old  cases  of 
syphilis  in  scrofulous  patients. 

Throat. — Faucis  dark  red;  swallowing  painful 
Phlegm  in  nose  and  throat.  Disposition  to  hawk, 
with  sensation  of  a  lump  in  throat.  Stiffness  oj 
muscles  of  throat  and  neck. 

Tlose. — Coryza  and  dull  hearing;  right  side  of 
nose  hot.  Hawks  mucus  from  posterior  nares. 
Tiurbinated  bones  swollen.  Soggy  mucous  mem- 
brane of  nose  and  throat;  closure  of  Eustachian 
tube,  opening  with  a  pop. 

Mouth.^-Gums  swollen;  toothache;  glands  swol- 
len. Scalded  feeling  oti  tongue.  Aphthae.  Pro- 
fuse saliva.  Tongue  feels  stiff  at  base,  and  pains  on 
moving. 

Throat .^D iph th er ia ;  submaxillary  glands  pain- 
fully engorged,  fauces  dark  red;  worse  Cfft  left  tonsil 
Cough  from  elongated  uvula,  with  sore  throat, 


MERC*    lOD.    RUB, MERC,    CORROSIVUS*         433 

Skin,^ — Soiall  fissures  and  cracks;  hard  papules; 
Hunterian  chancre;  syphilitic  ulcers.  Bubo,  Sarco- 
cele. 

D  ose . — Th  ird  t  rit  uration . 


MERCtJRmS   CORROgiVUS. 

(Corrosive  SublimateO 

This  salt  leads  all  other  remedies  in  tenesmus  of 
the  rectum  which  is  incessant  and  is  not  relieved  by 
the  stool  The  tenesnnus  often  involves  the  bladder 
as  well.  Bnght*s  disease.  Gonorrhoea:  second 
stage »  with  continuous  tenesmus. 

Head. — Delirium  J  stupor.  Frontal  pain,  conges- 
tion of  head  with  burning  in  cheeks.  Drawing 
pain  in  periosteum  of  s^kull. 

Eyes, — Pain  l>ehirid  eyeballs ^  as  if  forced  out. 
Phlyctenules;  deep  ulcers  on  cornea.  Excessive 
photophobia  and  acrtd  lackryfmjtion ,  Iritis.  Pain 
severe  at  night;  burning,  shooting,  tearing.  Little 
tendency  to  pus  formation.  Iris  muddy  in  color, 
thick,  and  neither  contracts  nor  dilates.  Retinitis  al- 
buminuria* ophthalmia  neonatorum.  Lids  wdem- 
aieusr  red,  excoriated.  Severe  burning.  Soreness  of  ^ 
the  €ye. 

Hose. — Excessive  coryza^  Ozaena,  with  perfora- 
tion of  septum  nasi.  [Kali  bich.]  Rawness  and 
smarting  in  nostrils. 

£aj8. — Violent  pulsations.     Fetid  pus. 

F^cev — SwoUen.  Red,  puffy.  Lips  black,  swol- 
len.     Sordes.    Facial  ncLiralgia  within  the  bones. 

Mouth. — Teeth  loose.  Gums  purple,  swollen,  and 
upongy^^rggguagrwoUen  and  inflam^5<i.       S^tUNa^- 


r 


434  MERCURIUS    CORROSIVUS. 

tion.     Pyorrhoea.     Ptyalism.     Taste  salty  and  bit- 
ter. 

ThrcMIt* — Swollen,  painful^  intensely  inflamfd^ 
Uvula  swollen.     Swallowing  painful. 

Stomach. — Incessant  green,  bilious  vomitingH 
Epigastrium  very  sensitive. 

Abdomen. — Bruised  sensation;  cjecal  region  and 
transverse  colon  painful.  Bloated;  very  painful  to 
least  touch. 

Throat, — Burning  pain,  with  great  swelling;  worse, 
slighiesi  external  pressure.  All  glands  about  thorax 
swollen. 

Respiratory. — Pain  in  larynx,  as  cut  with  knjfe^ 
Aphonia,  Cough,  with  bloody  expectoration.  Pulse 
rapid  and  intermittent.  Stitches  through  side  of 
chest. 

Urine.— Intense  burning  in  urethra.  Urine  hot, 
burning,  scanty  or  suppressed;  bloody,  greenish  dis- 
charge. Alkuminous,  [Hehn.;  Tereb.;  Uran..  n.i 
Amman,  benz.;  Ars.] 

Stool, — Dysentery;  tenesmus,  not  reheved  by 
stool;  incessant.  Stool  hot,  bloody,  slimy,  offensive, 
with  cutting  pain  and  shreds  of  mucous  membrane, 

Male. — 'Penis  and  testes  enormously  swollen  ^ 
Chancres  assume  phagedaenic  appearance.  Conor- 
rkasa;  urethral  orifice  red,  swollen;  glans  sore  and 
hot.     Discharge  green ish»  thick. 

Fever. — Chilly  from  slightest  exposure.  Profuse 
perspiration;  surface  cold. 

ModaUties. — Worse,  evening,  night,  acids.  B^h 
ier^  while  at  rest. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Ars.;  Lach^ 

Antidote:  Silica. 


r 


MERC.    COR. — MfiUC.    StTL.^METH.    BLUE.       435 


I  BoBCp — Third  to  thirtieth  potency.  In  solution 
Li! 1 000 1  hypodermically  injected  under  conjunctiva 
in  choroiditis  with  progressive  myopia.  Stops  im- 
'  mediately  the  severe  aching  pain  behind  eyeballs. 
:(Dr.  G.  D.  Hallet.) 

MERCUHIUS     SULPHURICUS. 

(Turpethtini  Minerale — Yellow   Sulphate   of  Mer- 
cury.) 

Diarrhoea  early  in  the  morning;  the  stool  bursts 

out  in  a  hot  stream  of  yellow  matter.     Intense  evac- 

I  uations,    like    rice-water.     Scanty,    clear,    scalding 

purine.     Intense  dyspmsa;  must  sit  up.     Respiration 

rapid,  short ;  burning  in  chest.    HydrothoraXn  [^4fJ.] 

Relationship.- — Compare:     Mercutu  acet.  (cutting 

in  urethra  when  last  drop  is  flowing  out). 


ta» 


METHYLEITE    BLUE, 
tOne  of  the  Aniline  Dyes*) 
A   remedy  for  neuralgia,   neurasthenia. 


malari^ 

'  typhoid,  here  it  diminishes  the  tympanites,  delirium, 
and    fever j    pus    infection.     Tendency    to    tremor, 
1  chorea,  and  epilepsy.     Nephritis  (acute  parenchym- 
'  atous),  scarlatinal  nephritis, 
0086,^^3  X  attenuation. 


^5kii 


MEZEREUM. 

(Spurge  OliveO 
n  symptoms,  affections  of  bones,  and  neural 


I  gias  most  important,  especially  about  teeth  and  face. 
,  Bruised,  weary  feehng  in  joints,  with  drawing  and 
i  stiffness.     Pains  of  various  kinds,  with  cbiUmess  aii^ 


436  MBZBRBUM. 

sensitiveness  to  cold  air-  Bone  pains.  Eruptions 
after  vaccination  ►  Burning^t  darting  sensation  in 
the  muscles;  subsultus  tendinum.  Pains  shoot  up- 
ward and  seem  to  draw  patient  up  out  of  bed. 

Head, — -Hard  work  to  talk.  Headache;  worse 
from  talking.  Stupefying  headache  in  right  side. 
Affections  of  external  head;  scaly  eruptioHj  while 
scabs.  Head  covered  with  thick,  leathery  crusU^ 
under  which  pu^  collects.  Violent  neuralgia  about 
lace  and  teeth  ^  running  towards  ear,  at  nighi; 
\worset  eating;  better,  near  hot  stove.  Roots  of 
teeth  decay, 

Nose. — Sneezing,  coryza,  interior  of  nose  ex- 
coriated.    Post- nasal   adenoids. 

Ears. — -Feel  too  much  open,  as  if  tympanitm  wai 
exposed  to  the  cold  air  and  it  blew  into  the  ear.  Diffi- 
cult hearing;  ringing  noises.  Deafness  followii^ 
suppression  of  scalp  eruption.  Eruption  behind 
ears,  with  oozing  of  sticky,  honey-like  fluid,  [Graphs] 

Eyes.^ — Ciliary  neuralgia  after  operaii^fts.  Espe- 
cially after  removal  of  eyeball.  Pains  radiate  and 
shoot  downward  ■mith  cold  feeling  and  soreness  of  bomt 

Face. — ^Rcd.  Eruption  around  mouth,  with 
coryza, 

Stomacli.  ^Desire  for  ham -fat.  Burning  in 
tongue,  extending  to  stomach.  Mouth  wai0S, 
Nausea  felt  in  throat;  better,  eating.  Chronic  gas 
tritis;  burning,  corroding  pain;  nausea,  vomiting, 
chocolate  color.  Gastric   ulcer   with   much  burniii^ 

Abdomen, — Swelling  of  glands  with  large  abdo 
men  in  children.  Pressure  in  inguinal  ring.  Flatu- 
lent colic  with  shivering  and  difficult  respiration. 

Rectum, — Constipation  after  confijjement,    Bm- 


M£ZERBUM»  4J7 

lapse  of  rectum.  Diarrhoea ,  with  stnall  white  par- 
ticles. Green  discharges.  Constipation,  with  he- 
patic and  uterine  inertia.  Constriction  of  anus; 
stitches  and  prolapse  of  rectum. 

Urine, — Red  flakes  float  on  top  of  urine.  Hot^ 
bloody. 

Female, — Menses  too  frequent,  soon^  profuse. 
Leucorrhcea  like  albumen;  very  corroding - 

Male, — Enlargement  of  testicles.  Violent  isexual 
desire.     Gonorrhoea,  with  haematuria. 

Respiratory* — Soreness  and  burning  in  bones  of 
thorax  Constriction  across  chest.  Cough;  worse, 
eating;  irritation  lower  than  can  be  reached. 

Extremities, — Pain  in  neck  and  back;  worse,  mo- 
tion and  at  night;  intolerant  of  all  touch.  Pain  and 
burning  in  tibia  and  long  bones.  Legs  and  feet  go 
to  sleep.  Pain  in  hip  and  knee- 
Skin, ^Eczema;  intolerMe  itching;  worse  in  bed. 
Ulcers  itch  and  bum,  surrounded  by  vesicles  and 
jshining,  fiery -red  areola.  Zona,  with  burning  pain. 
Banss^  especially  long  bones,  inflamed  and  swollen; 
caries,  exostosis;  pain  worse  night,  touch,  damp 
weather,  {Merc;  Syph.^  Eruptions  ulcerate  and 
form  tkick  scabs  under  which  ^urule'iU  matter  exudes. 
Modalities. — Worse,  cold,  mght,  touch,  motion. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Dirca  palustris  (neu- 
ralgic pains,  with  depression,  palpitation,  and  dys- 
Xjncea);  Merc.  Phyt.;  Rhus;  Guaic.;  Syph. 

Antidotes:  Kak  hyd^j  Merc. 

Dose. — First  to  thirtieth  potency. 


43^  MILLBPOLIUM — ICIMOSA. 

MILLEFOLIUM. 

(yarrow*) 

An  invaluable  remedy  for  variotis  types  o£  hsemoi 
rhages:  blood  bright  red.  Incarcerated  henaia; 
smattpox^  with  great  pain  in  pit  of  stomach.  After 
operations  for  stone.  Bad  effects  from  fall  from  a 
height:  over-lifting. 

Head. — Vertigo  when  moving  slowly.  SensatioB 
as  if  he  had  forgotten  something.  The  head  seems 
f-ull  of  blood.  Convulsions  and  epilepsy  from  sup- 
pressed menses.     Piercing  tlimsis  of  pain. 

J^ose. ^Naseblied.  [Erecht]  Piercing  pain  from 
eyes  to  root  of  nose. 

StooL — Hemorrhage  from  bowets.  Bleeding 
haemorrhoids .      Urift^  bhody.     [Sen&c.  uur.] 

Female,— Menses  early,  profuse,  protracted. 
Hemorrhage  from  uterus ;  bright  red,  fluid.  Pain- 
ful varices  during  pregnancy. 

Respiratory. — Haemoptysis  in  incipient  phthisis. 
Coughs  with  bloody  expectoration  in  suppressed 
menses  or  hiemorrhoids.     Violent  palpitation. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Acalypha  and  Helix 
tasta^Snt^il — (in  licemoptysis);  also,  I  pec;  Erecht.; 
Geran.;  Hamam. 

Dose.— Tincture,  to  third  potency. 

MIMOSA, 

(Sensitive  Plant.) 

Lancinating  pain  in  back  and  limbs,     SwelliTig 
and  redness  of  ankles.     Trembling  of  legs. 
Rheumatism.     Knees  stiff. 


MITCH  ILL  A — MORPHINUM,  4.^ 

MITCHELLA, 

(Partridge-Berry  * ) 

Bladder  symptoms  accompany  compIaintSt  espe- 
cially uterine  congestion. 

Urinary. — Irritation  at  neck  of  bladder^  with 
urging  to  urinate.  [Eup.  pur  p.;  Apis^]  Dysuria. 
Catarrh  of  bladder. 

Female. — Cervix  dark  red,  swollen.  Dysmen- 
orrhoea  and  uterine  h^Emorrhage;  blood  bright  red. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Chimaph.; Ssnecto;  Uva; 
Ceran:  Gossyp. 

Dose . — Tinct  ure . 

_  MORPHINUM. 

(An  alkaloid  of  Opium.) 

Morphine  bears  the  same  relation  to  Opium  as 
Atropine  to  Belladonna — i.  e,  represents  its  nervous 
side.  It  is  less  stimulating,  less  convulsant,  and 
more  decidedly  hypnotic*  Constipates  less  and  af- 
fects contractility  of  the  bladder  more.  It  is  less 
diaphoretic  and  more  pruritic.     (Dr.  F.  F.  Laird.) 

Mind. ^Profound  depresston.  Irritable,  fault- 
finding, hysterical.  Shack  induced  by  terror.  Dream- 
like 5^al#. 

Head.—  Vertigo  from  the  least  movement  of  the  head. 
Headache,  with  sensation  of  being  ''wound  up." 
Bursting  pain;  head  drawn  back. 

Eyes,^ — Bluish,  droopiag  lids*  Itching  of  eyes. 
Delusion  of  vision  on  closing  eyes.  Staring,  in- 
jected ;    diverging    strabismus.     Pupils    unequally 


440  MORPHIN  UM. 

contracted.  Look  unsteady.  Ptosis.  Paresis  of  reai 
inberni. 

Face, — Dusky  red  or  paUid  lividity  of  face,  tips, 
tongue,  mouth,  or  throat. 

Nose »— Sneezing  in  paroxysms.  licking  and 
tingling  on  end  of  nose. 

Mouth,^  Very  dry.  Tongue  dry,  brown,  violet 
in  middle.  Thirst.  Loss  of  appetite,  wiik  veusrsion 
to  meat. 

Throat. — Dry  and  constricted*  Pharynx  para- 
lyzed, swallowing  almost  impossible. 

Stomach. — Nausea  i^icessant  and  deathly,  faint- 
ness,  constant  retching.  Vomiting  of  green  fluid. 
Nausea  and  vomiting  on  rising  up. 

AMomen.— Distended.  Acute  pain  in  abdomen 
and  along  spinal  column. 

Rectum. — Diarrhoea,  watery »  brown,  or  black, 
with  horrible  tenesmus.  Constipation;  stools  large, 
dry,  knotty,  with  tendency  to  bruise  and  fissure* 

Urinary. — Paresis  of  bladder.  Strangury.  Slow 
and  difficiiU  urination.  Retention  of  prostatic  hy- 
pertrophy.     Urtjsmiat  acute  and  chronic* 

Male, — ^Impotency*  Pain  in  right  spermatic  cord. 
[Oxal.  a€.] 

Heart. — Alternation  of  tachycardia  and  bfody- 
cardia.  Cardiac  muscular  tissue  is  intact,  even  if 
severely  exhausted.     Pnlse  small,  weak,  dicrotic. 

Respiratory. — Faint  and  strugghng  for  breath; 
diaphragmatic  paralysis;  hiccough;  dyspnoea,  parox- 
ysmal, on  first  falling  asleep.  [Lach.;  Grindel.;  Am. 
c.\  Cheyne-Stokes  res]}iration.  Chest  tight.  Pain 
\in  middle  o£  sternum.     Dry,  ha.Td,  teasvng  cough, 


MORPHmUM^MOSCHUS.  441 

worse  at  night.  Strangling  uougb,  with  viscid  mu- 
cous sputum. 

Back,^ — Pain  along  spine.  Weakness  of  loins- 
Aching  across  lumbo-sacral  region;  cannot  walk 
erect.     [Cimuif.] 

Extremities.— Staggering  gait.     Nunthness. 

Skin. — Livid;  ptirple  spots;  zoster- like  herpes. 
Itching.  Skin  lost  its  elasticity.  Urticaria  appear- 
ing at  cliniaxis. 

Nervous, — Restlessness  and  hyperiesthesia;  trem- 
liling.  twitching,  jerking,  convitlsions.  Extremely 
susci^ptible  to  pain.  Pain  causes^  twitching  and  jerk- 
ing of  limbs.  Violent  and  sudden  neuralgic  pains 
and  sudden  fainting.  Delirium  melancholy  in  char- 
acter. Neuralgias  intensely  painful:  left  supraor- 
bital; right  intercostal,  better  from  heat;  multiple 
neuritis.  Sore  feeling  all  over.  Bed  feels  too  hard. 
Aggravation  after  sleep.  [Lack.]  Neuralgia  aftM- 
zoster.     [Alezer.] 

Sleep. — Yawning,  drowsy;  prolonged  deep  sleep. 
Sleepless;  restless  sleep,  with  frequent  start ings. 
Sleepy,  but  caniiot  sleep. 

Fever.— C  hills.  Lcycoldness.  Burn  ingheat;  pro- 
fuse sweat. 

Dose. — ^Third  to  sixth  trituration. 


m 


■ 


MOSCHUS, 

(Musk.) 

A  remedy  for  hysteria  and  nervous  paroxysms, 
jninting  fits  and  convulsions,  catalepsy,  etc.  The 
charactenstic  condition  bemg  aggravation  by  cold ; 
there  is  great  sensitiveness  tu  stir.     M\i^  tvftr^^iftis* 


44°  MORFUIKUM. 

contracted.  Look  unsteady.  Ptosis,  Paresis  of  fgen 
tnbemi. 

Face. — Dusky  red  ar  ptdlid  iividity  of  face^  tips, 
tongue^  ffuytttht  or  throat. 

Hose. — Sneezing  in  paroxysms.  Itching  and 
tingling  on  end  of  nose. 

Mouth,—  Very  dry.  Tongue  dry,  brown,  violet 
in  middle.  Thirst.  Loss  of  appetite,  with  ao^sion 
to  meat. 

Throat, — Dry  and  constricted.  Pharynx  para- 
lyzed^  swallowing  almost  impossible. 

Stomach. — Nausea  incessant  and  deathly,  faiut- 
ness,  constant  retching.  Vomiting  of  green  fluid. 
Nausea  and  potniting  on  rising  np. 

Abdomen.— Distended.  Acute  pain  in  abdomen 
and  along  spinal  column. 

Rectum, — ^Diarrhcea,  watery,  brown,  or  blacky 
with  horrible  tenesmus.  Constipation;  stools  large ^ 
dry,  knotty,  with  tendency  to  bruise  and  fissure. 

Urinary,- — Paresis  of  bladder.  Strangury.  Skm 
and  difficult  urinatiofi.  Retention  of  prostatic  hy- 
pertrophy.     Unmtia,  acute  and  chronic. 

Male.— Impotency,  Pain  in  right  spermatic  cord. 
[Oxal  ac.] 

Heart. — AUernaiion  of  tachycardia  and  brady- 
cardia^ Cardiac  muscular  tissue  is  intact,  even  if 
severely  exhausted.     Pulse  small,  weak,  dicrotic, 

Respiratory. — Faint  and  struggling  for  breath; 
diaphragmatic  paralysis;  hiccotigh ;  dyspncea,  parox- 
ysmal, on  first  falHng  asleep.  [Lack.;  GrindeL:  An^ 
f]  Cheyno-Stokes  res|)iration.  Chest  tight.  Pdu 
in  middle  of  sternum.     Dry.  hard,  teasing  cough, 


MORPHINUM MOSCMIIS.  441 

worse  at  ntght.     Strangling  cough,  with  viscid  mu- 
cons  sputum. 

Back. — Pain  along  spine.  Weakness;  of  loins* 
Aching  across  lumbo-sacral  region;  cannot  walk 
erect,     [Ctmmf.] 

Extremities,— Staggering  gait.     Nt0nbness, 

Skin. — Limd;  purple  spots;  zoster-like  herpes. 
Itching.  Skin  lost  its  elasticity.  Urticaria  appear- 
ing at  climaxis. 

Nervous. — Restlessness  and  hypersesthesia ;  trem- 
bling, twitching,  jerking,  convulsions.  Extremely 
stisceptible  to  pain^  Pain  causes  twitching  and  jerk- 
ing of  limbs.  Violent  and  sudden  neuralgic  pains 
and  sudden  fainting.  Deliriunt  melancholy  in  char- 
acter. Neuralgias  intensely  painful:  left  supraor- 
bital; right  intercostal t  better  from  heat;  multiple 
neuritis.  Sore  feeling  all  over.  Bed  feels  i^o  hard. 
Aggravation  after  sleep.  [Lack]  Neuralgia  after 
poster.     [Meser.] 

Sleep. — Yawning,  drowsy;  prolonged  deep  sleep. 
Sleepless;  restless  sleep,  with  frequent  startings. 
Sleepy,  but  cannot  sleep. 

Feven — Chills.  Icy  coldness.  Burning  heat ;  pro- 
fuse sweat. 

Dose. — Third  to  sixth  trituration, 

MOSCHUS, 

(Mu&k.) 

A  remedy  for  hysteria  and  nervous  paroxysms ^ 
fainting  fits  and  convulsions,  catalepsy,  etc.  The 
characteristic  condition  being  aggravation  by  cold ; 
there  is  great  sensitiveness  to  air.     Much  rvervaMs 


• 


* 


443 


MOSCHUS. 


trembling  and  frequent  fainting.  Great  flatulence. 
Diseases  do  not  follow  a  normal  course. 

TSlnd.—IncowtroUabLs  laughter.  Scolding.  Anx- 
iety,  with  palpitation;  starting  as  if  frightened,  Sex- 
ual hypochondriasis. 

Head*^-Compressive  pain  over  root  of  nose.  Pres 
sure  on  top  of  head.  Vertigo  on  least  niotion;  sen- 
sation as  if  falling  from  a  great  height.  Scalp  sensi- 
tive.    Sounds  in  ears  as  from  the  report  of  a  cannon 

S:omach.^— Desire  for  black  coffee*  stimulants 
Aversion  to  food.  Everything  ta&tes  flat.  With 
stomach  sjmiptoms,  anxiety  in  chest.  Distended. 
Faints  when  eating.  Abdomen  greatly  distended. 
Spasmodic  nervous  kiccourgk,  [Hydrocy,  ac.;  Sulph. 
ac,;  I  gnat,;  Cajsff.] 

M&lft, —  Violent  desire;  involuntary  emissions.  Im 
potence,  associated  with  diabetes.  [Coca.]  Pre- 
mature senility.     Nausea  and  vomiting  after  coitioo. 

Female. — Menses  too  early,  too  profuse,  with  dis- 
position to  faint.  [Ntix  m.;  Veratr.]  Sexual  de- 
sire, with  intolerable  titillation  in  parts.  Drawing 
and  pushing  in  the  direction  of  the  genitals;  sen^- 
tion  as  if  menses  appear. 

Urine. — Profuse  urination.     Diabetes. 

Respiratory. ^-Sudden  constriction  of  larynx  and 
trachea-  Dij]icuU  respiration;  chest  oppressed;  hys- 
terical spasms  of  chest;  asthma.  Spasm  of  glottis. 
Impending  paralysis  of  lungs.  Asthma,  with  m- 
teose  anxiety,  fear,  and  smothering  sensatton. 
Cough  ceases,  and  mucii^s  cannot  be  expectifroied. 
Globus  hystericus. 

Heart, ^Hysterical  palpitation^  Trembling  around 
heart.     Weak  pulse  and  fainting. 


MOSCHUS — ^MUREX.  443 

MgdalitieB. — Better,  in  open  air»  rubbing.  Worse^ 
cold. 

RelmtionBliip.— Compare  ^  Nux  mosck.;  Asaf.; 
Voter.;  Sumbul;  Ign.;  Castor. 

Compatible:  Attthra. 

Antidotes:  Cafnpk,;  Coff. 

Dose, — First  to  third  potency. 


^m  MUREX. 

^V  (Purple  Fish.) 

I.  The  symptoms  of  the  female  sexuAl  organs  are 
'most  prominent,  and  have  been  clinically  verified. 
Especially  adapted  to  nervous »  lively,  affectionate 
women H     Patient  weak  and  nm  down. 

Mind. — Great  sadnesSj  anxiety,  and  dread. 
Stomacli.^-Sinking,  all-gone  sensation  in  stomach. 
[[Sff^.]     Must  eat. 

Female.^ — Conscious   of  a    womb.     Pulsation    in 

neck  of  womb.     Desire  easily  excited.     Feeling  as  if 

I  something  was  pressing  on  a  sore  spot  in  the  pelvis; 

worse  sitting.     Paitt  from  right  side  of  wonib  to  right 

m    left    hreasi.     Nymphomania .     Least    contact    of 

parts  causes  violent  sexual  excitement.     Sore  pain  in 

Bterus.     Menses  irregular,  profuse,  frequent,  large 

blots.     Feeling   of   protnision.     Prolapse;   enlarge- 

faient   of  uterus,   with   pelvic  tenesmus  and   sharp 

pains,  extending  toward  breasts;  aggravated  lying 

down.     Dysmenorrhoea  and    chronic   endometritis, 

•rith  displacement.     Must  keep  legs  tight ly  crossed. 

Leucorrho^.  green  or  bloody,  alternate  with  mental 

►ymptoms  and  aching  in  sacrum.     Benign  tumor;? 

n  breasts.     Pain  in  them  during  men^strual  period » 


444  MURB3t MUmATICUM   ACIDtlM. 

Urinary, — Urine   frequent   at   night;   smells  like 
Valerian ;  constant  urging.     {Kreos^J 

Modalities, — Worse,  least  touch. 

Relationship. — Compare:    Plat,;    LU.;   Sep.   (the 
latter  Jacks  sexual  erethism  of  Murex). 

Dose. — Third  to  thirtieth  potency. 


MURIATICUM    ACIDUM. 

(Muriatic  Acid.) 

This  acid  has  an  elective  affinity  for  the  hlood, 
producing  a  septic  condition  similar  to  that  foun4  in 
low  fevers  with  high  temperature  and  great  pros- 
tration ^  Patient  becomes  so  weak  he  slides  dovm 
the  bed.  Decomposition  of  fluids.  Involunlar) 
stools  while  passing  urine.  Haemorrhages.  Mouth 
and  anus  chiefly  alfected. 

Mind, —irritable  and  peevish;  fretful. 

Head. — Vertigo;  occiput  heavy.  Pain  as  if  brain 
were  crushed. 

Nose, —  H<Bmofrhage;  much  sneering. 

Face. — Lower  jaw  fallen;  pimples  and  freckles; 
lips  raw,  dry,  cracked. 

Mouth.^ — Tongue  dry,  leathery,  paralysed.  Deep 
ulcers  on  tongue.  Hard  lumps  in  tongue.  Epithe- 
lioma; edges  bluish -red.  {Cafhol.  a^.]  Aphthous 
mouth.  Gums  and  glands  swollen.  Fetid  breath. 
Sord^s  on  teeth. 

Throat. — Uvula  swollen.  Ulcers  and  false  mem- 
brane. CEderaatous,  dark,  raw.  Attempted  swal- 
lowing produces  spasm  and  choking. 


UURIATICtlU   AGIDUU.  445 

,.  Stomach. — Cannot  bear  sight  or  thought  of  meat. 
I  At  times,  ravenous  appetite  and  constant  desire  to 
I  drink. 

I       Heart » — Pulse  rapid,  feeble  and  small.      Intermiis 
every  third  beat^ 

Rectum. — Tendency  to  involuntary  evacuations 
while  urinating.  Hemorrhoids  most  sensitive  to  all 
touch;  even  sheet  or  toilet  paper  is  painlul.  Anal 
itching  and  prolapsus  ani  while  urinating.  HrnmoT' 
rhoids  during  pregnancy;  bluish,  hot^  with  violent 
stitches. 

Urine. — Cannot  urinate  without  having  J:iowels 
move  at  same  time. 

Female. — Menses  appear  too  soon.  Leucorrhcea. 
During  metises,  soreness  of  anus.  Ulcers  in  gen- 
itals. 

Extremities.— Heavy,  painful,  and  weak.  Tot- 
tering gait.     Pain  in  tendo  Achillis. 

Skin* — Papular  and  vesicular  eruptions^  with  great 
I  itching.     [K^itj.]     Carbuncles;  foul-smelling   ulcers 
I  on    lower    extremities.     Scarlet    fever,    livid,    with 
petechia;  scanty  eruption. 

Fever. — Cold  extremities*  Heat  without  thirsts 
I  Typhoid  types,  stupid.  Haemorrhages.  Restless - 
I  ness.  Involuntary  discharges.  Bed -sores.  Pulse 
[rapid  and  feeble.     Excessive  prostration, 

!      Modalities . — Worse,  in  damp  weather. 

'      Relationship,— Compare;     Phos.  ac;  Ars,;  BapL 
I  Follows  well  after  Bry.  and  Rhus, 
Antidote!  Bryonia. 

Dose. — First  to  third  potency.  ^M 


UYQ  AL  E ^M  ¥EI  C  A , 

MYGALE, 

(BLack  Cuban  Spider.) 

Chorea  is  the  principal  therapeutic  field  of  this 
remedy.     Sexual  syinptoms  are  important. 

Mind. — Delirious,  restless,  sad;  fears  death; 
despondent. 

Face. — Twitching  of  facial  muscles.  Mouth  and 
eyes  open  in  rapid  suecession.  Hot  and  flushed. 
Tongue  drjr  and  parched;  put  otit  with  difficulty. 
Head  jerked  to  one  side.     Grating-  of  teeth  at  night. 

Stomacli. — Nausea,  with  dim  sight.  Aversion  to 
food.     Excessive  thirst. 

Male , — Vi  olent  erect  to  ns .  Ch  ordee .  [  Kali  broffi.; 
Catnph.] 

Extremities. — Unsteady  gait.  Constant  niotion  <^f 
Tvhole  body.  Tremulous.  Intense  redness  in  streaks, 
following  course  of  lymphatics.  Twitching  of  limbs. 
Restless  hands.  Convulsive,  mtconirollahle  move- 
ments of  arms  and  legs.     Limbs  drag  while  walking. 

Relationship,— Compare:  Agar.;  Taranl^;  Cupful 
Zizia. 

Modalities*— B^'i^^i  dtinng  sleep.  Wofse^  iit 
morning. 

Dose,— Third  to  thirtieth  potency. 


MYRICA, 
(Bay  berry,) 

Marked  action  on  the  liver ^  with  jaundice, 
sistent  sleeplessness. 

Mind* — ^Despondent,  irritable,  indifferent. 


Per- 


MYRICA. 


447 


Head. — Scalp  feels  tight.  Headache,  with  drow- 
siness;  yellow  sclerotica;  aching  in  eyeballs.  Pres- 
sure in  vertex  and  forehead.  Pain  and  stiffness  in 
nape  of  neck. 

Face,^ — Yellow.  Itching  and  stingitig.  Creeping 
sensation. 

Mouth, — Tongue  furred,  with  bad  taste  in  mouth, 
and  nausea.  Tenacimis,  thicks  nauseot4s  secretion. 
Tender »  spongj^  and  bleeding  gums.      [Merc] 

Throat. — Constricted  and  rough  feeling,  with  a 
constant  desire  to  swallow.  Stringy  mucus;  de- 
tached with  difficulty. 

Stomach. — Taste  bitter  and  nauseous,  with  offen- 
sive breath.  Complete  loss  of  appetite,  but  with  a 
feehng  of  fullness  in  the  stomach  after  a  hearty  meah 
Strong  desire  for  acids.  Weak,  j^inking  feeling  in 
the  epigastrium,  approaching  nausea;  increased  after 
eating;  relieved  by  rapid  walking. 

Abdomen, — Dull  pain  in  the  region  of  the  liver. 
Complete  jaundice,  with  bronze -yellow  Ekin;  loss  of 
appetite.  Fullness  in  the  stomach  and  abdomen. 
Scanty,  yellow,  frothy  urine. 

StDoL — Constant  discharge  of  flatus  when  walk- 
ing. Urging  to  stool,  with  no  other  result  than  the 
expulsion  of  a  great  amount  of  flatus.  Loose,  light- 
colored  stool;  ash -colored  and  destitute  of  bile. 

Urinary,— Dark,  frothy,  scanty,  high-colored, 
bihary. 

Sleep. — Disturbed,  bad  dreams  and  frequent 
waking;   iosomnia. 

Extremities. — Pain  under  shoulder-blades  and 
back  of  neck,  in  all  muscles,  in  hollow  of  right  foot 
Yellow  and  itching,     Janndtce.     [Bry.;  Merc\ 


t44S  MYRICA MYRTUS   COM. ^NAJA    TRIP- 

ReJationsliip. — Compare:  PteL;  Cornus  dr.;  Che- 
Lid.;  LepL:  Fagof. 
Antidote:  Digit.  (jaimdice)» 
Dose.^Tincttire»  to  third  potency, 
^  MYRTUS    COMMUNIS, 

P  (Myrtle,) 

Chest  pains,  as  found  often  in  consumptives,  call 
for  this  remedy.     Incipient  phthisis. 

Chest. — Stitching  pain  in  left  breast^  runninf( 
through  to  shoulder-blade,  \lilic,;  Tkerid.;  Fi%] 
Dry ,  h  olio w  cough ,  w  i  t h  t ic  kling  in  ch  es t .  Sensation 
of  burning  in  left  chest. 

B ose . — Th i rd  potency . 

HAJA    TRIPUDlAlfS. 
(Virus  of  the  Cobra,) 

Heart  affections,  hypertrophy,  and  valvuJar  le- 
sions. Organs  seem  to  be  drawn  together.  Very  sti^ 
ceptible  to  cold.  With  heart  symptoms,  pain  in 
forehead  and  temples.  Diseases  primarily  depend* 
ing  upon  degeneration  of  motor  cells. 

Mind.— Broods  constantly  over  imaginary  trou- 
bles. Suicidal  insanity.  [Aur.]  Depressed.  Aver- 
sion to  talking. 

Head. — Fain  in  left  tentpU  and  in  left  orbikd  fi- 
gion,  extending  to  occiput,  with  nausea  and  voiniting. 
Hay-fever,  with  dry  larynx.  Suffocative  spells  af- 
ter sleeping.     [Lac^,]     Eyes  staring.      {Medotrh*] 

Respiratory. — -Grasping  at  throat,  with  sense  of 
choking.     Irriiating  dry  cough,  dependent  on  cardial 


NAJA    TRlPUnTANB — NAPnTIIALTVK-  440 

lesions.     [Spong.;  Lattroc]     Asthmatic  constHction 
in  evcning^.     Asthma  beginning  with  coryza. 

Heart. — Pulse  irregular  in  force.  Threatened  pa- 
ralysis of  heart.  Palpitation.  Stitching  pain  in 
region  of  heart.  Angina  pectoris.  Damaged  hiart 
after  infectious  diseases. 

Female. — Neuralgia  of  left  ovary;  seems  to  be 
drawn  to  heart. 

Modalities. — Worse  from  use  of  stimulants;  better 
from  walking  or  riding  in  open  air, 

RelationHhip. — Corn  pare:      Lack.;  Croiitl.;  Spig. 
Spong. 

Dose.^ — Sixth  to  thirtieth  potency. 

NAPHTHALINE. 
(A  chemical  compound  from  CQal-TmrO 

Cory£a,  hay-£efver,  phthisis  pnhnonalis,  also  gon- 
orrhoea, have  been  influenced  favorably  by  this  drug- 
Whooping-cough.     Cataract.      Opacity  of  the  cornea. 

Urine. — Irresistible  desire.  Meatus  red,  swollen, 
and  oedema  of  prepuce.  Black  urine,  Cutting  pain 
down  penis.     Pain  in  bladder. 

Respiratory. — Sneezing;  eyes  inflamed;  painful; 
head  hot.  Hay-fe^er,  Spasmodic  asthma;  better  in 
open  air*  Soreness  in  cheat  and  sitomach ;  must 
loosen  clothing,  DyspiuEa  and  sighing  inspiration. 
Wkoopittg-cougk,  long  and  continued  paroxysms  of 
coughing,  unable  to  get  a  respiration. 

Extra -Homoeopathic  Uses.— For  worms,  and  es- 
pecially pin -worms,  one -gramme  dose.  Externally 
in  skin  diseases,  five-per-cent  ointment. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Dros.;  CoralL;  Coccus, 

Dose.^First  to  third  trituration. 


I 


45©  NARCISSUS — NATRUM    ARSENICATUM. 

NARCISSUS. 
(Daffodil.) 

A  remedy  for  cough  and  bronchitis.  Coryza: 
frontal  headache.  Convulsive  stage  of  whooping- 
cough. 

Dose. — Sixth  attenuation. 

NATRUM    ARSENICATUM. 
(Arseniate  of  Sodium.) 

A  remedy  for  nasal  catarrh  with  headache  and 
pain  at  root  of  nose,  and  dry  and  painful  eyes. 
Psoriasis.     [Ars.;  Chrys.  ac.;  Thyroid.] 

Head. — Floating  sensation  on  turning  head 
quickly;  aching  in  frontal  region  and  root  of  nose, 
over  orbits.  Headache;  worse,  pressure  and  to- 
bacco smoke. 

Nose. — Watery  discharge;  drops  into  throat. 
Feels  stopped  and  pain  at  root.  Dry  crusts,  on  re- 
moval leave  mucous  membrane  raw.  Post-nasal 
dropping  of  thick,  bland,  yellowish  mucus.  Crusts 
in  nose. 

Eyes. — Dry,  painful,  burning;  soon  tire.  (Edema 
of  orbital  region.  Supra-orbital  pain.  Lids  agglu- 
tinate. 

Throat. — Dark,  purplish,  swollen,  cedetnatous;  red 
and  glassy. 

Respiratory. — Racking  cough,  with  profuse  green- 
ish expectoration.  Oppression  of  chest  and  about 
heart,  and  also  larynx.  Miner's  asthma.  Liings 
feel  as  though  smoke  had  been  inhaled. 


'  NATRUM    ARSEN. NATRIJM    CARB.  451 

Extremities, — Aching-  in  arms;  worse  in  shoulder. 
Pain,  in  anterior  crural  nerves.  Joints  stiff.  Feels 
[tired  all  over.     Knee- joints  crack. 

Relationship. — Compare;  Ars.;   Kali  carb.;  Apis. 

Dose. — Third  to  thirtieth  potency. 

NATRUM    CARBOHICUM. 

(Sodium  CarbonaCe,) 

Great  debility  caused  by  summer  beat,  chronic 
effects  of  sunstroke,  exhaustion,  anaemic,  milky » 
watery  skin,  very  weak  ankles,  are  all  peculiar  Nat- 
rum  carbon  J  cum  conditions. 

Mind,— Unable  to  think;  difficult,  slow  compre- 
hension. Anxious  and  restless  during  thunder- 
koa^n;  worse  from  music.  [Ambra]  Marked  gay- 
^ty. 

Head. — Aches  from  slightest  fttental  exertion^  from 
mm  Of  working  under  gas4igkt.  [Glon,]  Feels  too 
ptrgfe^     Oversensitive  of  hearing. 

I  Noae, — Constant  coryza;  obstruction  of  nose. 
Catarrh;  bad  sm€ll  of  nasal  secretion.  Many  trou- 
bles of  ex^ternal  nose.  [Cattsi.]  Posterior  nasal  ca- 
tarrh. Hawking  mnck  mucus  from  throat;  worse, 
stightest  draught. 

I  Face. — Freckles,  yellow  spots,  pimples.  Swelling 
of  upper  lip.  Pale,  with  blue  rings  around  eyes  and 
swollen  lids. 

Stomach. — Feels  swollen  and  sensitive.  Hi  ef- 
fects of  drinking  cold  water  when  overheated. 
Water-brash.  Very  weak  digestion,  caused  by 
slightest  error  of  diet.  Averse  to  milk.  Depressed 
after  eating     Bitter  taste. 


452  NAT.    CARB. NAT.    CHLOR. 

Bowels. — Sudden  call  to  stool.  Escapes  with 
haste  and  noise.  Yellow  substance  like  pulp  of 
orange  in  discharges.     Diarrhcea  from  milk. 

Female. — Induration  of  cervix.  Pudenda  sore. 
Bearing-down  sensation.  [Sep.;  Murex.]  Heavi- 
ness; worse,  sitting;  better  by  moving.  Menses  late, 
scanty,  like  meat-washing.  [Nitric  ac.]  Leucor- 
rhoeal  discharge,  offensive,  irritating,  preceded  by 
colic. 

Sleep. — Wakes  too  early  in  morning.  Amorous 
dreams.     Drowsy  during  day. 

Extremities. — Old  sprains.  Easy  dislocation  and 
spraining  of  ankle.  Foot  bends  imder.  [Caust.] 
Soreness  between  toes  and  fingers.  Heel  and  tendo 
Achillis  affected.  Chapped  hands.  The  hollow  of 
the  knee  is  painful  on  motion. 

Skin. — Inclination  to  perspire  easily,  or  dry, 
rough,  cracked  skin. 

Modalities. — Worse,  sitting,  from  music,  sun, 
summer  heat,  mental  exertion,  thunderstorm.  Bet- 
ter, by  moving,  by  boring  in  ears  and  nose. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Nat.  sulph.;  Caust.; 
Natr.  cacodyl.  (in  phthisis,  5  centigrams  hypodermi- 
cally,  daily.  Increases  number  of  red  blood  cor- 
puscles to  double). 

Antidote:  Ars.;  Camph. 

Dose. — Third  to  thirtieth  potency. 

NATRUM    CHLORATUM. 

(Labarraque's  Solution.) 

In  congested  and  atonic  states  of  the  uterus  and 
its  ligaments,  with  hepatic  disorders      Chronic  ca- 


NAT.    CHLORATUM— NAT.    MURlATICUM.  4$$ 


f     tarrha!  diseases  of  the  tniddle  ear.     Flabby ^  debili- 
I      iated  constitution.     Botli  hands  swollen  m  morning'. 

I  Head. ^Vertigo,    with    aching    across    forehead. 

I      Swimming  faeling*  as  if  top  of  hea.d  would  float  off. 
Bleeding  of  nose  in  clots. 

Stomach. — Drowsy  after  meals. 

Female. — Feeling  as  if  uterus  were  pushed  up  on 
sitting  down.  \^Ferr.  iod.}  Feels  as  if  it  opened 
and  shut.  Violent  metrorrhagia.  Leucorrhcea  and 
backache.  Passive  hearing-down  from  heavy  con- 
dition of  uterus.  Womb  is  heavy 3  sodden,  with 
teDdency  to  prolapse. 

Urine, — Dark,  with  albumen  and  casts.  Diffuse 
nephritis.     Much  pain  across  small  of  back. 

Relationship  .—Com  pare :  H  eliotropium  (uterine 
displacement,  with  active  bearing-down  sensation 
and  loss  of  voice;  membranous  dysmenorrhoea). 

Dose. — Fifteen  to  twenty  drops  of  J^abarraque's 
liolution  in  water. 

IfATRUM    MURlATICUM. 
(Chloride  of  SodiumO 

A  great  remedy  for  certain  forms  of  intermittent 
fever,  anaemia,  chlorosis,  many  disturbances  of  the 
alimentary  tract  and  skin.  Very  weak  early  in  the 
morning.  Emaciation  most  notable  in  neck*  Great 
liability  to  take  cold. 

Mind-^Depressed,  particularly  in  chronic  dis- 
eases. Consolation  aggravates.  Irritable  ^  gets  into 
a  passion  about  trifles.     Awkward,  hasty,      [Apis.] 

Head, — Throbs.  Blittding  headache,  [Kalibich.; 
Gels.]     Aches  as  if  a  thousand  little  "^aTSUKLe;^^ 


454  NATRUM   MURIATICUIf. 

were  knocking  on  the  brain,  in  the  morning  on 
awakening,  after  menstrtuUion^  from  sunrise  to  sun- 
set. Feels  too  large;  cold.  [Calc.;  Laur.;  Pod\ 
Anaemic  headache  of  school-girls.     [Cede,  phos.] 

Eyes. — Feel  bruised,  with  headache  in  school- 
children. Muscles  weak  and  stiff.  Letters  run  to- 
gether. See  sparks.  Fiery,  zigzag  appearance 
around  all  objects.  Burning  in  eyes.  Stricture  of 
lachrymal  duct  with  suppuration.  Escape  of  mu- 
co-pus  when  pressing  upon  sac.  Lachrymation, 
burning  and  acrid.  Lids  swollen.  Tears  stream 
down  face  on  coughing.  [Euph.]  Asthenopia,  due 
to  insufficiency  of  internal  \ecti  muscles.  [Gels,  and 
Cup.  acet.,  when  due  to  external  muscles.]  Pain  in 
eyes  when  looking  down.    Cataract  incipient.    [Secale^ 

Ears. — Noises;  roaring  and  ringing. 

Nose. —  Violent  fluent  coryza,  lasting  from  one  to 
three  days,  then  changing  into  stoppage  of  nose, 
making  breathing  through  difficult.  Discharge  thin 
and  watery,  like  raw  white  of  egg.  Violent  sneezing 
coryza.  Loss  of  smell  and  taste.  Internal  soreness 
of  nose. 

Face. — Oily,  shiny,  as  if  greased.  Earthy  com- 
plexion.     Fever-blisters. 

Mouth. — Sense  of  dryness.  Scorbutic  gums. 
Numbness,  tingling  of  tongue,  lips,  and  nose.  Ves- 
icles and  burning  on  tongue,  as  if  there  was  a  hair  on 
it.  Eruptions  around  mouth  and  vesicles  like  pearls 
on  lips.  Lips  and  corners  of  mouth  dry,  ulcerated, 
and  cracked.  [Nit.  ac]  Tongue  mapped.  [Ars.; 
Rhus;  Tarax.]  Loss  of  taste.  [Gymnema.]  Large 
vesicle  on  lower  lip  which  is  swollen  and  bums. 

Stomach. — Hungry,  yet  loses  flesh.   \Iod.]   Heart- 


NATRUM    MURIATICUM,  4*15 

burn,    with    palpitation.  Unquenchable    thirst. 

Sweals  whiie  catmg.  Craving  for  salt*  Aversion  to 
bread  Throbbing  in  pil.  Sticking  Eens<aion  in 
cardiac  orifice. 

Abdomen, — Cutting  pain  in  abdonie»i.  Distended. 
Pain  in  abdominal  ring  on  coughing. 

Rec'um. — -Burning  pains  and  stitching  after  stool. 
Anus  contracted,  torn,  bleeding.  Constipation;  stool 
dry.  crumbling.     [.4w.  m;  Mag,  m] 

Urine. — Pain  just  after  urinating.  [SafJ.]  In- 
creased, involuntary  when  walking,  coughing,  etc. 
Has  to  wait  a  long  time  for  it  to  pass  tf  others  are 
presents     [Hep.;  Mur.  ac.] 

Male. — Emissions*  even  after  coitus.  Impotence 
with  retarded  emission. 

Female, — -Menses  irregular;  usually  profuse.  Vag- 
ina dry*  Leucorrhoea  acrid,  watery.  Bearing- 
down  pains;  worse  in  morning.  [Sep,]  Prolapsus 
uteri,  with  cutting  in  urethra*  Ineffectual  labor- 
pains.  Suppressed  menses.  [Follow  with  Kali 
carb] 

Respiratory. — Cough  from  a  tickling  in  the  pit  of 
stomach,  accompanied  by  stitches  in  liver  and  spurt- 
ing of  urine.  [Caust.;  Sqiiilla^]  Stitches  all  over 
chest.  Cough,  with  bursting  pain  in  head.  Short* 
ness  of  breath,  especially  on  going  up-stairs.     [Calc.] 

Heart.  —  Fluttering,  palpitating,  intermittent 
pulse.  Heart *s  pulsations  shake  the  body,  inter- 
mils  on  lying  down. 

EztremitieB. — Pain  in  back,  with  desire  for  some 
firm  support.  [Rhus;  Sep,]  Arms  and  legs,  but  es- 
pecially knees,  feel  weak.  Hangnails.  Numbness 
and  tingling  in  fingers  and  toem.     iwsak\ft^  '^wca.V  a^xA 


456  NAT.    MURIATICUM NAT.    NITRTCUM. 

turn  easily.  Painful  contraction  of  hamstrings. 
[Caust.]     Cracking  in  joints  on  motion. 

Sleep. — Sleepy  in  forenoon.  Nervous  jerking 
during  sleep.  Dreams  of  robbers.  Sleepless  from 
grief.     [Phos.  ac.;  I  gnat.] 

Skin. — Lupus.  [Ars.;  X-Ray.]  Urticaria;  itch 
and  bum.  Crusty  eruptions  in  bends  of  limbs,  mar- 
gin of  scalp,  behind  ears.  [Caust.]  Warts  on  palms 
of  hands.  Eczema;  raw,  red,  and  inflamed;  worse, 
eating  salt,  at  seashore. 

Fever. — Chill  between  9  and  11  a.  m.  Heat;  vio- 
lent thirst,  increases  with  fever.  Fever-blisters. 
[Hep.;  Rhus.] 

Modalities. — Worse,  about  10  a.  m.,  at  seashore, 
mental  exertion,  heat,  talking.  Better,  open  air,  cold 
bathing,  going  without  regular  meals,  lying  on  right 
side. 

Relationship. — CompHmentary  to  Apis, 

Compare:  Aqua  marina  (worse,  seaside,  nausea,) 
Natrum  selenicum  (laryngeal  phthisis  with  expect- 
oration of  small  lumps  of  bloody  mucus  and  slight 
hoarseness  [Argent,  met.]',  Natrum  silicum  (haem- 
ophilia; scrofulous  bone  affections);  Ignat.;  Sep.; 
Thuj.;  Graph.;  Alum,. 

Antidotes:  Ars.;  Phos. 

Dose. — Sixth  to  thirtieth  and  higher.  The  very 
highest  potencies  often  yield  most  brilliant  results. 

NATRUM     NITRICUM. 
(Nitrate  of  Sodium.) 
A    Rademacherian    remedy    for    inflammations. 
[Aeon.;  Ferr.  phos.]     Specific  for  nosebleed.     Haem- 
optysis.    [Millef.]     Influenza. 


NAT.    NITRIC  UM — *NAT.    PHOSPHORIC  UM, 


457 


AMomea,^ — Flatulent.  Abdominal  muscles  be- 
come painfully  contracted  towards  the  spine, 

Relattoiisliip .  — ^  Co  m  pa  re :  Nair\im  w  it  rosu  w 
(throbbing  and  fullness;  fwintnessi  tiervousness  pain 
in  head,  nausea,  eructations,   blue  lipi^). 

Dose,— Second  trituration. 


HATRUM     PHOSPHORICUM. 

(Sodium  Pbasphal€.) 

Matrum  phoiiphoricum  Lh  the  remedy  for  condi- 
lions  arising  from  excess  of  Ittctic  acid,  often  result- 
ing from  too  miicli  sugar.  Aihnents,  with  excess  of 
£S€idity.  Sour  eructations  and  taste,  Sotir  vomit- 
ing. Yellow,  creamy  coaitng  ai  the  back  pan  of  the 
roof  of  mouth  and  ^ngue.  Inflammation  of  any  part 
of  the  throat,  with  sensation  of  a  lump  in  throat. 
FlatukncCs  with  sour  risings.  Colic,  with  symp- 
toms uf  worms. 

Mind.— 'Imagines,  on  waking  at  night,  that  pieces 
of  furniture  are  persons;  that  he  hears  footsteps  in^ 
next  room.      Fear, 

Head. — Feels  dull  in  the  morning,  full  feeling 
and  throbbing* 

Eyes. — ^Discharge  of  golden -yellow,  creamy  matt^ 
from  the  eyes.     Dilatation  of  one  pupiL 

Ears,— One  ear  red,  hot,  frequently  itchy,  ac- 
companied by  gastric  derangements  and  acidity, 

Nafie. — Offensive  odor.  Itching  of  nose.  Naso- 
pharyngeal catarrh  with  thick  ytdlow  offensive 
mucus* 

Face, — Paleness^  or  bluish  ♦  florid  appearance  of 
face. 


458  NATRUM    PHOSPHORICUM. 

Mouth. — Thtn,  moist  coating  on  the  tongue.  Yel- 
low, creamy  coating  at  the  back  part  of  the  roof  of 
the  mouth.  Dysphagia.  Thick,  creamy  membrane 
over  tonsils  and  soft  palate. 

Stomach. — Sour  eructations,  sour  vomiting,  green- 
ish diarrhcea.     Spits  mouthful  of  food. 

Male. — Emissions  without  dreams,  with  weakness 
in  back  and  trembling  in  limbs.  Desire  without  erec- 
tion.    Gonorrhoea. 

Female. — Menses  too  early;  pale,  thin,  watery. 
Sterility,  with  acid  secretions  from  the  vagina.  Leu- 
corrhoea;  discharge  creamy  or  honey -colored,  or 
acid  and  watery.  Sour-smelling  discharges  from 
uterus.     Morning  sickness,  with  sour  vomiting. 

Back. — Weariness;  aching  in  wrists  and  finger- 
joints.  Hamstrings  sore.  Synovial  crepitation. 
Rheumatic  arthritis. 

Skin. — Itching  in  various  parts,  especially  of  an- 
kles. Hives.  Smooth,  red,  shining.  Erysipelas. 
Feet  icy-cold  in  daytime,  burn  at  night.  Swelling  of 
lymphatic  glands. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Natrum  lacttc.  (rheu- 
matism and  gout;  gouty  concretions) ;  Nai.  nitrosum 
(angina  pectoris,  cyanosis,  fainting,  copious  liquid 
stools  at  night) ;  Nat.  selen.  (chronic  laryngitis  and 
laryngeal  phthisis) ;  Nat.  silica fiuor.  (bone  affections, 
caries)]  Nat.  sulphurosum  (diarrhoea,  with  yeasty 
stools) \  Nat.  sulpho-carbol.  (pyaemia;  purulent  pleu- 
risy, 3  to  5  grains  every  three  hours);  Nat.  telluri- 
cum  (breath  has  odor  of  garlic;  night -sweats  of 
phthisis);  Calc;  Robin.;  Phos. 

Dose. — Third  to  twelfth  trituration. 


KATRUM    BAUCYUCUM. 


459 


IfATRtJM    SALICYLICtJM. 

(Salicylate  of  SoditmiO 

Produces  marked  effects  upon  the  internal  ear, 
with  vertigo,  deafness,  noises  in  ears,  and  loss  of 
bone  conduction;  hence  its  use  in  Meniere *s  disease* 
One  of  the  best  remedies  for  the  prostrating  after-effects 
of  infiuen^a.  Lassitude,  drowsiness,  listlessness, 
tremor.  Incipient  dementia.  Increases  the  quan- 
tity of  bile. 

Head. — Perfectly  rational  periods  alternate  with 
manifestations  of  insanity  of  a  sombre  character. 
Vertigo;  worse »  raising  head.  Noises  in  head.  AH 
objects  seem  to  move  to  the  right.  Dull  headache 
and  confusion. 

Ears. — Tinnitus  of  a  low  tone.     Deafness. 

Chest.— Dyspnoea ;  breathing  noisy »  shallow  pant- 
ing; pulse  irregular.     Complete  loss  of  voice. 

Skin, — CEdema,  urticaria,  red  in  circumscribed 
patches.  Tingling  and  itching.  Pemphigoid  erup- 
tion. 

Relationship  .—Com  pare :  Lobelia  purpurascens 
{drowsiness;  dizzy  headache  between  eyebrows; 
cannot  keep  eyes  open;  tongue  white^feels  para- 
lyzed,  as  also  do  the  heart  and  lungs;  intense  pros- 
tration of  all  vital  forces;  deadly  chill,  without 
shivering;  useful  for  the  low  nervous  prostration  of 
grippe);  Gaulth.;  China. 

Dose. — ^Third  potency. 

Hon-Homoeopalhic  Uses.^In  ■  acute  articular 
rheumatism,  lumbago,  sciatica,  etc.  Usual  dose^ 
ten  to  twenty  grains  every  three  hours.     Must  be 


I 
I 


46o       NAT.    SALICYLICUM^NAT,    SULPHURICUM^ 

used  carefully,  as  it  is  often  destructive  of  kidney 
tissue.  Ordinary  allopathic  doses  allay  the  pain 
of  dysTnenorrhcea  and  promote  menstrual  fiow- 

MATRUM    SULPHURICUM, 
(Sulphate  of  Soda— Glauber's  Salt.) 

A  liver  remedy  ^  especially  indicated  for  the  so- 
called  hydrogenoid  constitution,  where  the  com- 
plaints  are  such  as  are  due  to  living  in  damp  houses, 
basements,  cellars.  They  are  worse  in  rainy  weath- 
er, water  in  aiiy  form,.  Feels  every  change  from  dry  to 
wet;  cannot  even  eat  plants  growing  near  water,  nor 
fish.  Always  feels  best  in  warm,  dry  air.  Clinically ^ 
it  has  been  found  a  valuable  remedy  for  spinal  me:i 
ingitis,  head  symptoms  frofpt  in  juries  to  kead^  mental 
troubles  therefrom.  Every  spring,  return  of  skin 
affections.     Tendency  to  wart^;. 

Mind. — Lively     music     saddens.         Melancholj 
with  periodical  attacks  of  mania.  Suicidal  tendencyT 
must  exercise  restraint.     Inabihty  to  think.     Dislikes 
to  speak  or  to  be  spoken  to. 

Head. — Occipital  pain.  Piercing  stitches 
ears .  V  e  rt igo ;  reUe  ved  by  sw  ea t  on  h  cad .  B  urs t ing 
feeling  on  coughing.  Hot  feeling  on  top  of  head. 
Boring  in  right  temple,  preceded  by  burning  in 
stomach.  Ill-effects  of  falk  and  injuries  to  the 
head,  and  me!ital  troubles  arising  therefrom. 

Eare*— Sticking    pain,    earache,     lightning     111 
stitches  in  damp  weather » 

Hose, — ^Nasal  catarrh  with  thick  yellow  discharge 
and  salty  mucus. 

Eyes. — Conjunctiva  yellow.  Granular  lids,  Pka- 
tophohia. 


ttal     .{ 
kin      I 

cy:     ^ 

ng 
id, 
in 
he 


NATRUM    SULPHURIC UM,  46  I 

Mouth. — Slimy,  thicks  tenacious  white  mucus. 
Bitter  taste,  blisters  on  palate, 

Thraat, — Thick  yellow  mucus  drops;  from  pos- 
terior nares. 

Stomach. — Vomits  sour.  Brawn t  bitter  coaling  <in 
tongue.  Yellow  complexion.  Thirst  for  something 
cold*  Bilious  vomiting,  acid  dyspepsja,  with  h^,rt- 
burn  and  flatulence. 

Abdomen,— Liver  sore  to  touchy  with  sharp  stitch- 
ing pa^ins;  cannot  bear  tight  clothing  around  waist; 
worse,  lying  on  left  side.  Flatulency;  wind  colic  in 
ascending  colon;  worse^  before  breakfast.  Burning 
in  abdomen  and  anus.  Bruised  pain  and  tirging  to 
stool*  Loose  morning  stools;  worse,  after  spell  of 
wet  weathern  Stools  involuntary  when  passing 
flatus.     Great  sitae  of  the  faecal  mass. 

Urine. — Loaded  with  bile.  Brick-dust  sediment. 
Excessive  secretion.     Diabetes. 

Female, — Nosebleed  during  menses,  which  are 
acrid  and  profuse.  Herpetic  vulvitis.  LeucorrkcEa^ 
yellowish -green,  folio-wing  gonorrhea  in  female, 

Male, — Condylomata;  soft  fleshy  excrescences; 
greenish  discharges.  Gonorrhoea;  discharge  thick, 
greenish;  little  pain. 

Respiratory. — Dyspnoea  during  damp  weather. 
Must  hold  chest  when  coughing ^  Humid  asthma; 
rattling  in  chest  at  4  and  5  A.  xM.  Cough,  with  thick 
ropy,  greenish  expectoration;  chest  feels  all  gone. 
Constant  desire  to  take  a  deep,  long  breath .  .4  stkma 
in  children ,  as  a  constitntional  remedy.  Springs  up 
in  bed,  the  cough  hurts  so ;  holds  jiainful  side.  {Bry>] 
Pain  through  lower  left  chest. 

Back. — Itching  when  undressing.     Violent  pains 


I469  NATRUM    SULPHURICUW — NEGUNDO, 


I 

^^■in  back  oi  neck  and  a$  b€ise  of  brain.     Piercing  pain 
^H between  scapulae.     Spinal  meningitis;  opisthotonof 

^^^  Extremities,- — Swelling  of  axillary  glands.  In- 
flammation around  root  of  nails.  Burning  in  soles; 
oedema  of  feet ;  itching  between  toes.  Gout.  Pain 
in  limbs  compels  frequent  change  in  position.  K.un- 
arounds-  Pain  in  hip-joiBts;  worse,  stooping.  Stiff- 
ness  of  knees,  cracking  of  joints. 

Skin. — Itching    while    undressing.         Jaundiced, 
watery  blisters.     Sycotic  excrescences;  wart-like  red 
.        lumps  all  over  body. 

^B  Modalities.' — Worsts  lying  on  left  side;  dampness 
^^  of  basements^  weather,  etc.  Better,  dry  weatheip 
pressure,  changing  position. 

Relationship, — Compare:  Nalrum  ckoleinicum" 
Fel  Tauri  Depuratum — (constipation;  chronic  gas- 
tric and  intestinal  catarrh;  cirrhotic  liver;  diabetes; 
nape  of  neck  pains;  tendency  to  sleep  after  eatin^t 
much  flatus;  ascites);  Momordica  (pain  in  back  and 
hypogastrium;  accumulation  of  flatus  in  splenic 
flexure  of  colon;  sensation  of  mist  before  eyes). 
Pulma  vulpts  (asthma,  bronchitis,  catarrh*  oedema 
of  lungs);  Natrttm  iodat.  (chronic  catarrhal  affec- 
tions, arterio-sclerosis) ;  Natnmt  hyposnlph.  {Ever- 
spots,  locally  and  internally):  Sulpk.;  Tkujat 
Merc.;  Stilling. 

Boee. — First  to  twelfth  trituration. 

HEGUKDO. 

(Box  Elder.) 

Used  internally  for  hemorrhoids,   especially 
►cent  cases.     Tincture. 


NICCQLUM, 


46| 


IflCCOLUM. 

(MetaUic  Nickel.) 

Periodical  nervous  sick  headaches,  with  asthe- 
nopia»  weak  digestion,  constipation*     Catarrhs* 

Head,— Pain  on  top  as  from  a  nail.     Pressure  on  * 
vertex,  in  morning;  worse,  till  noon  and  in  warm 
room.     Stitches.     Objects   appear  too   large.     Mi^ 
grainej  first  on  left  side. 

Kose, — Violent  sneezing;  stopped  up.  Nasal  ca- 
tarrh, with  redness  and  swelling  at  tip  of  nose. 
Acute  pain  at  root  of  nose,  extending  to  vertex  and 
through  temples. 

Throat.^ — Sore,  right  side  with  great  tenderness; 
sar^twss  to  touch  externally.     Strangulated  feeling. 

Gastrin:. — Gone,  empty  feeling  in  epigastrium, 
mithoHi  desire  for  food.  Thirst  and  intense  hiccough. 
Soiir»  fetid  secretion  oozes  from  molar  teeth.  Diar- 
rhoea and  tenesmus  after  milk. 

Female. — Menses  late,  scanty,  with  great  debility 
and  burning  in  eyes.  Profuse  leticorrhoea ;  worse, 
after  urinating  [Mag.  tnur.;  Plat.]\  also  worse  after 
menses. 

Respiratoiy.^  Hoarsen  ess.  Dry,  hacking  cough  ♦ 
with  stitches  in  chest.  Obliged  to  sit  up  and  hold 
head.     Must  put  arms  on  thighs  when  coughing. 

Modalities. — Worse^  periodically,  every  two  weeks. 
yearly T  forenoon.     Better ^  in  evening. 

Relationship, — ^Compare:  Nucolum  sulph.  aa 
(periodic  neuralgias  of  malarial  origin);  Cobalt., 
Plat;  Zin4:. 

Dose  ♦  — Th  ird  tritura  t  ion . 


464  NITRICUM    ACIDUM. 

NITRICUM    ACIDUM. 
(Nitric  Acid.) 

Selects  for  its  special  seat  of  action  the  outlets  of 
the  body  where  the  mucous  membrane  and  skin 
meet;  these  pain  as  from  splinters.  Marked  im- 
provement of  all  symptoms  while  riding  in  a  car- 
riage. 

Blisters  and  ulcers  in  mouth,  tongue,  genitals; 
bleed  easily.  Fissures,  with  pain  during  stool,  as  if 
rectum  were  torn.  All  discharges  very  oflEensive, 
especially  urine,  faeces,  and  perspiration.  Persons 
who  have  chronic  diseases,  and  take  cold  easily  and 
disposed  to  diarrhoea.  Excessive  physical  irrita- 
bility. Cachexia,  due  to  syphilis,  scrofula,  etc. 
Gravel;  arthritis. 

Mind. — Irritable,  hateful,  vindictive,  headstrong. 
Hopeless  despair. 

Head. — Sensation  of  a  hand  around  head.  Head- 
ache from  pressure  of  hat;  full  feeling;  worse  from 
street  noises.     Hair  falls  out.     Scalp  sensitive. 

Ears. — Difficult  hearing;  better  by  riding  in  car- 
riage or  train.  Very  sensitive  to' noise y  as  the  rattle 
of  wagons  over  pavements.  [Coff.;  Nux.]  Cracking 
in  ears  when  chewing. 

Eyes. — Double  vision;  sharp,  sticking  pain.  Ul- 
ceration of  cornea. 

Nose. — Oza?na.  Green  casts  froru  nose  evcf>' 
morning.  Coryza,  with  sore  and  bleeding  nostrils. 
Tip  rod.  Stitches,  as  of  a  splirjter  in  nose.  Caries 
of  mastoid.  Nosebleed,  with  chest  affections.  Chron- 
ic nasal  catarrh,  with  yellow,  offensive,  corroding  dis- 


NITRIC  II M     ACJPUM,  465 

charge.     Na^l  diphtheria,  with  watery  and  exceed- 
ingly excoriating  discharge. 

Mouth* — ^  Pu  t  rid  breath .  Sali  va t i  o  n .  B  leeding  o  f 
gums.  Painiul  pimples  on  the  sides  of  the  tongue. 
Teeth  become  loose i  gums  soft  and  spongy,  rkers 
in  soft  paiai^,  with  sharp,  splinier4ike  pains.  Sah- 
vation  and  fetor  oris.     Bloody  saliva. 

Throat. — Dry.  Pain  into  ears.  Hawka  nutLUs 
constantly.  White  patches  and  sharp  pains,  as  from 
spliniers,  on  swallcnving. 

Stomach. — Great  hunger,  with  sweetish  taste. 
Lt>nging  for  indigestible  things — <:halk,  earth,  etc. 
Pain  in  cardiac  orifice. 

Abdomen. — Oreat  straining,  but  little  pa^^es* 
Rectum  feels  torn.  Bowels  constipattsd,  with  hs- 
sures  in  rectum.  Tearing  pains  during  stool.  Vio- 
lent cutting  pains  after  ^oiAs,  lasting  for  hours. 
[Ratanh.]  Haemorrhages  from  bowels,  profuse, 
bright.  Prolapsus  ani.  il^morrboids  bleed  easily. 
Diarrhoea,  slimy  and  otTcnsive.  After  stonls,  irrita- 
ble and  exhausted.  Colic  relieved  from  tightening 
clothes. 

Urine. — ^S^^antVi  dark,  oficyjsive.  Smells  like 
hursc*s  urine.  Cold  on  passing.  Burning  and 
stinging.     Urine  bloudy  and  albuminous. 

MalCt — Soreness  and  burning  in  glans  and  be- 
neath prepuce.  Ulcers;  bum  and  sting;  exude 
bloody,  offensive  matter. 

Female, — ExtcrmtJ  parts  sore,  with  ulcers,  [Hep.; 
Merc;  Thuja,}  Leucorrhcea  brown,  flesh  ^colored, 
watery,  or  stringy,  offensive.  Hair  on  genitals  falls 
out,     [Nulr.     w,;     Zinc.]      Uterine     h3eniorrhaj|<ii^. 


i    Si 

C 
D 


466  NITRIC    AC. NITRI    SPIRITUS    DULCIS. 

Menses  early,  profuse,  like  muddy  water.  Metror- 
rhagia after  parturition. 

Respiratory. — Hoarseness.  Aphonia,  with  dry 
hacking  cough,  from  tickling  in  larynx  and  pit  of 
stomach.  Soreness  at  lower  end  of  sternum.  Short 
breath  on  going  upstairs.  [Ars.;  Calc.]  Cough 
during  sleep.     [Cham.] 

Extremities. — Fetid  foot-sweat,  causing  soreness 
of  toes,  with  sticking  pain ;  chilblains  on  toes. 

Skin. — Warts,  large,  jagged;  bleed  on  washing. 
Ulcers  bleed  easily,  sensitive;  splinter-like  pains; 
zigzag,  irregular  edges;  base  looks  like  raw  flesh. 
Exuberant  granulations. 

Modalities. — Worse,  evening  and  night,  cold  cli- 
mate, and  also  hot  weather.  Better,  while  riding  in 
carriage.     [Reverse:  Cocculus.] 

Relationship. — Complementary:  Ars.;  Calad. 

Inimical:  Lach. 

Compare:  Merc;  Kali  c;  Thuja;  Hepar;  Calc. 

Dose. — Third  to  thirtieth  potency.  I   g^ 

Jrelj 

NITRI    SPIRITUS    DULCIS. 

(Sweet  Spirits  of  Nitre.) 

Sensorial  apathy  in  low  fevers  when  there  is  stu- 
por, difficulty  of  arousing  patient,  is  met  by  this 
remedy.  Ill-effects  of  salt  (halophagia).  [Ars.; 
Phos.] 

Face. — Prosopalgia,  with  photophobia.  Burn- 
ing in  cheeks  and  vomiting,  followed  by  lassitude. 
Boring  in  facial  bones ;  in  angles  of  lower  jaw.  Very 
sensitive  to  cold. 

Respiratory. — Very  rapid  breathing  by  going  only 


O 
rri< 


mTR.    SPTR.    DVLC— NlTKO-MUIt.    ACID.  467 

a  short  walk.     Painful  constriction  beneath  ster- 
num. 

Modalities. — Worse,  from  mental  disturbance^  dur- 
ing winter  and  spring. 

HelationshJp  .^Increases  the  action  of  Digitahs, 
Compare:  Phos,  ac,;  Lycop. 

Dose, — ^A  few  drops  of  the  pare  spirits  in  water 
every  two  or  three  hours. 


IflTRO-MURlATIC  ACm, 

(Aqua  RegiaO 

Oxaturia  and  so-called  biKous  conditions.  Con- 
stricted anus.     Craveh 

Mouth,— Gums  bleed  easily.  Ptyahsm,  Con- 
stant drooling  at  night.  {Merc.}  Cankers ;  small  su- 
perficial ulceration  over  inside  of  motith  and  tongue. 
Metallic  taste.     [Cupr.  iwef.] 

Stomach.— Sour  eructation^  with  empty,  hungry 
feeling  in  stomach;  not  relieved  by  eating.  Saliva- 
tion; worse  at  night. 

Stool. — Constipated,  with  ineffectual  urging. 
Sphincter  constricted-     Anus  moist  and  sore. 

Urine. — Cloudy.  Burning  in  urethra.  Oxaluria. 
Lysidin  (ten  drops  of  a  50%  solution  three  times  a 
day.  Irritable  bladder,  irregular  heart  and  nervous 
symptoms).     Also   Kali  sulph. 

Doae, — Five  to  twenty  drops,  well  diluted. 


468      .       NUPHAR   LUTEUM NUX    MOSCHATA. 

NUPHAR    LUTEUM. 
(Yellow  Pond-LUy.) 

Produces  nervous  weakness,  with  marked  symp- 
toms in  the  sexual  sphere. 

Male. — Complete  absence  of  sexual  desire;  parts 
relaxed;  penis  retracted.  Impotency,  with  invol- 
untary emissions  during  stool,  when  urinating. 
Spermatorrhoea.     Pain  in  testicles  and  penis. 

Stool. — ^Yellow  diarrhoea;  worse  in  the  morning 
Diarrhoea  during  typhoid. 

Relationship. — Compare,  in  sexual  weakness: 
Agnus;  Kali  hrom.;  Lycop.;  Selen.;  Johimbin.  In 
diarrhoea:  Chelid.;  Gmnbog.;  Sulph. 

Dose. — Tincture,  to  sixth  potency. 

NUX    MOSCHATA. 

(Nutmeg.) 

Marked  tendency  to  fainting  fits,  with  heart  fail- 
ure. Cold  extremities  and  extreme  dryness  of  mu- 
cous membranes  and  skin.  Strange  feehng,  with 
irresistible  drowsiness.  General  inclination  to  be- 
come unconscious  during  acute  attacks.  Lypothy- 
mia.     [Ignatia.] 

Mind. — Changeable;  laughing  and  crying.  Con- 
fused, impaired  memory.  Bewildered  senses,  as  in 
a  dream.     Thinks  she  has  two  heads. 

Head. — Vertigo  when  walking  in  open  air;  aches 
from  eating  a  little  too  much.  Feeling  of  expan- 
sion, with  sleepiness.     Pulsating  in  head. 

Eyes. — Objects  look  larger,  very  distant,  or  vanish. 
Motes  before  eyes. 


^rUX    MOSCHATA. 


46g 


Nose. — Oversensitive  to  smeU ;  nosebleed ,  dark 
blood;  dry,  stopped  up. 

Moiitli,—  Very  dry.       Tongue  adheres  to  roof  of  J 
mouth ;  but  no  desire  for  water.     Saliva  like  cotton,! 
[BerbJ]     Toothache  in  pregnancy >     Tongfue  numb, 
paralyzed. 

Stomach, — Excessively  bloated.      Flatulent  dyspep- 
sia.    Hiccough,    and    craving    for    highly-seasoned- 
food.     Retrocession  of  gout  to  stomach i 

Abdomen. — Paralytic     weakness     of     intestines/ 
EnormoHsly  distended.     Stool  is  soft,  and  yet  (s  en- 
able to  expel  it,  even  with  long  straining.     [Altint.} 

Female,  — Uterine  hcemorrhage.      Menses  too  long^  1 
dark,  thick,     Leucorrhoea  muddy  and  bloody.    Sup- 
pression, with  persistent  fainting  attacks  and  sleep- 
iness.    [Kali  cj 

Respiratory, — Loss  of  voice  from  walking  against 
the  wind.  [Hep,]  Cough  when  getting  warm  in 
bed. 

Heart. — Trenvbling,  fluttering.  Sensation  as  if 
something  grasped  heart.  Palpitation,  pulse  inter- 
mits. 

Extremities. — Pain  in  right  hip  to  knee;  worse, 
motion,  especially  going  up-stairs.  Rheumatism 
from  getting  feet  wet,  from  exposure  to  draughts. 
Rheumatism  relieved  by  dry,  warm  clothes^  Fatigue 
on  slight  exert  ion. 

Sleep*— Great  drowsiness.  Complaints  cause 
sleepiness.     Coma. 

Fever, — Chilliness  and  heat  without  thirst;  want 
of  perspiration.  Dry  skin  and  of  inner  parts,  also 
of  eyes,  nose*  lips,  mouth,  tongu<i,  throat »  etc. 

Modalities, — Wors^,  cold  moist  wind,  toVd.  too^ 


470 


NtJX   ItOSCHATA — NTJX    VOMICA, 


cold  washing,   lying  on  painful  side*    motion,  jafi 
Better,  warmth,  dry  weather. 

Rektionship. — Olewrn  myrisiictF — Oil  of  Nytm^ 
— -(as  a  remedy  for  boils»  felons,  poisonous  ulcers,  it 
has  beea  used  in  the  2  x  potency) ;  Orntthogdum 
(flatulence,  swollen  feeling  across  lower  chest 
whenever  she  turns  in  bed^  fe€^ls  as  if  a  bag  of  W(Jttr 
turned  also;  gastric  ulcer  and  cancer).  Myristtsi 
Sebifera  (Phlegmonous  inflammations,  hastens  sop 
puration;  powerful  antiseptic). 

Compare:  ATwiif  t?.,'  Puis.;  Rhus;  Ign.;  Asaf.  || 

Antidotes:  Camph^;  G§is^;    Valer. 

Dose. — 'First  to  sixth  potency. 


NUX    VOMICA, 

(Poison-Hut) 

Is  the  greatest  of  polychrests,  because  the  bulkoi 
its  symptoms  correspond  in  similarity  with  thoM  0* 
the  commonest  and  most  frequent  of  diseases.  Iti^H 
frequently  the  first  remedy  indicated  after  much 
dosing,  establishing  a  sort  of  equilibrium  of  forces 
and  counteracting  predominant  drug  effects. 

Nux  is  pre-eminently  the  remedy  for  many  of  tht 
conditions  incident  to  modem  life.  The  typidl 
Nux  patient  is  rather  thin,  spare,  quickj  actim 
nervous,  and  irritable.  He  does  a  good  deal  of  m€fl^ 
tal  work;  has  mental  strains  and  leads  a  sedentanf 
life,  found  in  prolonged  office  work,  overstudy,  and 
close  application  to  business,  with  its  cares  and  anxi- 
ties.  This  indoor  life  and  mental  strain  seeks  stim- 
ulants, coffee,  wine,  possibly  in  excess;  or,  agaiiiTtB 
hopes  to  quiet  his  excitement  by  indulging  in  these-, 
dative  effects  of  tobacco,  if  not  really  a  victim  to  thi 


NUX    VOMICA. 


471 


Ive  drugs,  like  opmm,  etc.  These  things  are 
►ted  with  other  indulgences;  at  table  he  takes 
Lbly  rich  and  stimulating  food;  wine  and 
I  play  their  part  to  make  him  forget  the  close 
Ltion  of  the  day.  Late  hours  are  a  conse- 
s;  a  thick  head,  dyspepsia,  and  irritable  tem- 
3  the  next  day's  inheritance.  Now  he  takes 
athartic,  liver  pills^  or  mineral  waterj  and  s^oon 
to  the  habit  of  taking  these  things,  which  still 
r  complicate  matters.  Since  these  frailties 
►re  yielded  to  by  men  than  women,  Nux  is  pre- 
itly  a  male  remedy.  These  conditions  pro- 
n  trriiable  nervous  system,  hypersensitive  and 
npressionable*  which  Nux  will  do  much  to 
and  calm.  Especially  adapted  to  digestive 
Dances,  portal  congestion,  and  hypochondria- 
ites  depending  thereon.  Conv^ulsions,  with 
Diisness;  worse,  touch,  moving.  Zealous  fwry 
anient. 

i, — Very  irritable;  sensitive  to  all  impressions, 
malicious.  Desire  to  kill  loved  ones;  impulse 
ed,  Camwt  bear  noise,  odors,  light,  etc*  {Bell.] 
ihondriacal  mood.  Does  not  want  to  be 
•d-  Time  passes  too  slowly.  [Alum^]  Even 
ist  ailment  affects  her  greatly.  Disposed  to 
ch  others.     Sullen,  faultfinding. 

d, — Headache  in  occiput  or  over  eyes,  with 
;  brain  feels  turning  in  a  circle.  Over-sensi- 
ss.  Intoxicated  feeling;  w^orse,  morning, 
1  exertion,  tobacco,  alcohol,  coffee,  open  air. 
ag  pain  on  vertex,  as  if  a  nail  driven  in,  Ver- 
i  morning  and  after  dinner.  Scalp  sensitive, 
headache,  with  desire  to  press  the  head 
something.     Congestive     headache,     asso- 


472  NUX     VOMICA. 

elated  with  liseniorrhoids.  Headache  in  the  sun- 
shine. [Glon^;  Nat,  carb.]  Feels  distended  and  sore 
within  after  a  dehauch. 

Eyes. — Photophobia;  much  worse  in  morning. 
Smarting,  dry  sensation  in  inner  canthi.  Infra- 
orbital neuralgia,  with  wateringf  of  eyes.  Optie 
nerve  atrophy  from  habitual  nse  of  intoxicants. 
Paresis  of  ocular  tnuscles;  worse,  tolr^acco  and  stim- 
ulants. 

Ears. — Itching  in  ear  and  through  eustachian 
tube.  Auditory  eanal  dry  and  sensitive.  Otalgia: 
worse  ill  bed,  Hyperfcsthesia  of  auditory  nerves; 
loud  sounds  are  painful  and  anger  him. 

Hose.— StnfFed  up*  at  night  especially.  Siufjy 
colds,  snuffles,  after  exposure  to  dry,  cold  atmos- 
phere; worse  in  warm  room.  Odors  tend  to  pro- 
duce fainting,  Coryza ;  fluent  in  daytime;  stuffed 
up  {d  night  and  outdoors,  or  alternates  between  nos- 
trils. Bleeding  in  morning,  [Bry.]  Aerid  dis- 
charge, but  with  stuff ed-up  feding. 

Mouth. --Jawrt  contracted.  Small  aphthous  ul- 
cers with  bloody  saliva.  First  half  of  tongue  clean; 
posterior  covered  with  deep  fur;  white,  yellow, 
cracked  on  edges.  Teeth  ache;  worse,  cold  things. 
Gums  swollen,  white,  and  bleeding. 

Throftt, — Rough,  scraped  feeling.  Tickling  aftff 
waking  in  morning.  Sensation  of  roughness,  tight- 
ness, and  tension.  Pharynx  constricted.  Uvttla 
swollen.     Stitckes  into  ear. 

Stomach. — Sour  taste  and  nausea  in  the  ntorning, 
after  eatint^,  Weight  and  pain  in  stomach;  worse. 
Ptxting,  some  time  aftet.  Flatulence  and  pyrosis* 
Sour,  bi  U  0  r  enic  tation  s .  Nausea  and  vamifing,  with 
much  retching.     Ravenous  hunger,  especially  shnui 


NUX    VOMICA.  473 

a  day  before  an  attack  of  dyspepsia.  Region  of 
slmnach  very  sensiiive  to  pressure.  [Bry.;  Ats.\ 
Epigastriuiii  bloated,  with  pressure  i^s  of  a  stone ♦ 
f«?*rai  hQHTS  ajier  eating.  Desire  for  stimulants. 
Dyspepsia  from  drinking  strong  coffee.  Difiicult 
beltdjing  of  gas.     Wants  to  vomit,  but  caniiotK 

Abdomen. — ^Flatulent  distent ioti,  with  spasmodic 
colic.  Colic  from  uncovering.  Liver  engorged, 
with  stitches  and  soreness.  Colic,  with  upward 
pressure,  causing  short  breath  and  desire  for  stool. 
Weakness  of  abdomitml  ring  region.  Strangulated 
hernia*  [Op.]  Forcing  in  lower  abdomen  to- 
wards genitals.     Umbihcal  hernia  of  infants. 

Stool. — Constipation,  with  frequent  ineffectual  urg^ 
ing^  incomplete  and  unsatisfactory  [  feeling  as  if  part 
remained  unexpelled.  Constriction  of  rectum.  Ir- 
regular peristaltic  action;  hence  frequent  ineffectual 
desire,  or  passing  but  srnalt  quantities  at  each  attempt. 
Alternate  constipation  and  diarrhoea— after  abuse 
of  purgatives.  Urging  to  stool  felt  throughout  ab- 
domen. Itching,  blind  ho'morrhoids,  with  ineffectual 
urging  to  stool;  very  painful;  after  drastic  drugs. 
Diarrhoea  after  a  debauch:  worse,  morning.  Fre- 
quent smaU  evacuations.  Scanty  stool,  with  much 
urging.  Dysentery  stools  relieve  pains  for  a  time. 
Constant  uneasiness  in  rectum.  Diarrhcea,  with 
jaundice.     [Dig] 

Urine. — Irritable  bladder  from  spasmodic  sphinc- 
ter. Frequent  calls;  little  and  often.  Hematuria. 
[I pec;  Tereb.]  Ineffectual  urging,  spasmodic  and 
strangury.  Renal  colic  extending  to  genitals,  with 
dribbling  urine, 

Male, — Easily  excited  de^e,  Bniissions  from 
high  hving.     Bad  effects  of  sexual  excesstes.     Can- 


* 


»u^ 


474  nvx  VOMICA, 

strictive  pain  m  testicles.  Orchitis.  [  Mama.;  Puts] 
Spermatorrhoea,  with  dreams,  with  backache,  burn- 
ing in  spine,  and  weaknestJ  and  irritability. 

Female, — Menses  too  early  and  last  too  long;  id- 
ways  irregular,  blood  black  [CycL;  hack.;  Puis], 
with  faint  spells.  Prolapsus  uteri.  Dysmenorrboea, 
with  pain  in  sacrum  and  constant  urging  to  stcjol 
Inefficient  labor-pains;  extend  to  rectum,  with  de- 
sire for  stool  and  frequent  urination.  [IM]  Desire 
too  strong,  Metrorrhagia,  with  sensaiwn  as  if  kern- 
els wanted  to  move. 

Respiratory. — Catarrhal  hoarseness,  with  scrai 
in  throat.  Spasmodic  constriction.  Asthma 
fullness  in  stomach  mornings  ar  after  eating.  Couj 
with  sensation  as  if  something  were  torn  loose  in 
chest.  Shallow  respiration^  Oppressed  breathing. 
Tight,  dry,  hacking  cough ;  at  times  with  bloody  ci^ 
pectoration. 

Back. — Backache  in  lumbar  region.  Burning  in 
spine;  worse,  3  to  4  a,  m.  Cervico -brachial  neural 
gia;  worse,  touch.  Must  sit  up  in  order  to  turn  in 
bed.  Bruised  pain  below  scapulae.  Sitting  is  pain 
ful. 

Extremities, — Arms  go  to  sleep.  Paresis  ot  arms, 
with  shocks.  Legs  numb;  feel  paralysed;  cramps  in 
calves  and  soles.  Partial  paralysis  from  over-exer- 
tion or  getting  soaked,  [Rkus.]  Cracking  in  knet- 
joints  during  motion.     Drags  his  feet  when  walking 

Sleep. — Cannot  sleep  after  3  A>  M.  until  t&u*afds 
morning;  awakes  feeling  wretchedly.  Drowsy  afUr 
meals,  and  in  early  evening.  Dreams  full  of  bustlf 
and  hurry.     Bitter  aftw  a  short  sleep,  unless  aroused. 

Skin.— Body  burning  hot,  especially  face:  y^  <rfl*- 
not  move  or  uncover  without  feeling  chilly.     UrticarilT 


NUX    VOMICA— OCJMUM    CANUM. 


475 


itb  gastric  derangement.  Acne;  skin  red  and 
btchy. 

Fever, — Cold  stage  predominates.     Paroxysms  an- 
:ipate    in    morriing.     Ejscessive    rigor   with    blue- 
rss  of  finger-nails.     Aching  in  limbs  and  back,  and 
Istric  symptoms.     Chilly ;  must  be  coveted  in  every 
Lge  of  fever.      Perspiration  sour;  only  one  side  of 
>dy.     Chilliness  on  being  uncovered^  yet  he  does  not 
i&w  being  covered.     Dry  heat  of  the  body. 
Hodalities.^ — Worse,    morning;    mental    exertion, 
fter  eating,  touch,   spices,   stimulants,   narcotics, 
ty  weather.     Better,  from  a  nap,  if  allowed  to  finish 
J  in  evening,  while  at  rest,  in  damp,  wet  weather 
'aust.]f  strong  pressure ► 
Relationship. — Complementary :  Stdpkur. 
Inimical;  Zinc. 

Compare:  Kali  carb.;  Hydr.;  Bry,;  Lye;  Graph. 
Antidotes:  Coff.;  J  gnat,;  Cocc. 
Doie^^^ — First    to    thirtieth    potency    and    higher. 
Fux  acts  best  given  in  the  evening, 

OCIMUM    CANUM. 
(Brazilian  AlfavacaO 

Uric  acid  diathesis.  Red  sand  in  the  urine  is  its 
llief  characteristic  and  frequently  verified.  Swell- 
Ig  of  glands,  inguinal  and  mammary.  Renal  colic, 
Ipecially  right  side. 

Urine. — Turbid,  thick,  purulent,  bloody;  brick- 
usi  red  or  yellow  sediment.  Odor  of  musk.  Pain 
I  ureters.     Cramps  in  kidneys- 

Male,— Heat  and  swelling  of  left  testicle. 

Female. — Vulva  swollen;  darting  pain  in  labia. 


I  47b 

I  ISripples  painful  to  least  contact.     Breasts  feel  full 

I  and  tense.     Prolapsus  vaginae. 

I  Relationship. — Compare:  Bert.;  Hedeoma;  Lycop.; 

L  P  areif . ;   Utiica^ 

^H         Dose. — Sixth  to  thirtieth  potency. 


OCIM.    CAN. — ^mNANTHE, 


(ENAWTHE    CROCATA. 

(Water  Dropwort,) 

Epileptiform  convulHions;  worse  during  tnetistru- 


Red  spots  in  face.     Convul- 
Skin    affect  ions,    especially 


at  ion  and  pregnancy 
sive    facial    ti^' itching 
lepra  and  ichthyosis. 

Head. — Furious  delirium,  giddinc&s.  Counte- 
nance hvid,  eves  fixed,  pupils  dilated,  coitvtdswc 
twitching  of  facial  muscieSt  trismus,  foaming  at 
mouth. 

Respiratory. — Tickling  cough,  with  rattling  in  the 
lower  part  of  the  chest,  and  thick  frothy  expectora 
tion.     Heavy,  spasmodic,  stertorous  breathing, 

Eitr e mities , — C o n v ulsions ;  opisthotonos ,  Pain 
along  crural  and  sciatic  nerves,  commencing  in  back. 

Relationship. — Compa.re:  Cicuia;  Kali  br(mt. 

Dose. — Third  to  sixth  potency. 

OLEANDER, 

(Rose -Laurel.) 

Has  a  marked  action  on  the  skin  and  nervous 
system,  producing  and  curing  paralytic  conditions. 
Hemiplegia.     Difficult  articulation. 

Mind. — Memory  weak;  slow  perception.  McUn 
choly,  with  obstinate  constipation. 


OLKAMDER.  47  7 

Head. — Vertigo  and  diplopia  when  looking  down. 
Pain  in  brain,  as  if  head  would  burst.  Numb  feel- 
ing. Dull,  unable  to  think.  Indolence.  EmpPion 
on  scalp.  Humid  J  fetid  spots  behind  cars  [Graph.; 
Petrol.]  and  occiputj  with  red,  rough,  herpetic  spots 
in  front.  Corrosive  ticking  an^  forehead  and  edge  of 
hair;  worse,  heat. 

Eyes, — Can  see  objects  only  when  looking  at  them 
sideways.  Eyes  water  on  reading.  Double  vision. 
Sensation  as  if  eyes  were  drawn  back  ifSto  the  head. 

Face. — ^Pala^  siuiken,  with  bltie  rings  around  eyes. 
[Pkos.  ac] 

Stomach*— Canine  hunger,  uHtk  hurried  eating, 
without  appetite.  Thirst.  Empty  belch ings,  Vom- 
iting of  fot3d;  greenish  water.  Throbbing  in  pit. 
Borborygmus,  with  profuse  fetid  flatus.  Gnawing 
around  naveh 

Rectum, — Ineffectual  urging.  Undigested  fa-'cee. 
Stool  passes  when  emitting  flatus.  Burning  pain  in 
anus. 

Clroflt. — Oppression  as  from  a  weight;  asthmatic 
wheu  lying  down.  Falpit<ition,  with  weakness  and 
empty  feeling  in  chtbt.     Dyspnoea. 

Extremities. — Weakness  of  lower  limbs.  Paraly- 
sis of  legs  and  feet.  Cold  feet.  Painless  paralysis. 
Consta,nt  cold  feet.  Swelling,  burning,  ntiffness  of 
fingers.     Veins  on  hands  swollen.     CEdema. 

Skin. — 'Itching,  scurfy  pimples;  herpes;  sensitive 
and  numb.  Nocturnal  burning.  Very  sensitive 
skin;  slightest  friction  causes  soreness  and  chapping*^ 
Viakni  fkhing  eruption,  bkeddng,  oosing;  want  o| 
perspiration. 


r  *7* 

I  Relationship, — Compare:    Con.;   NcU.    m.;    Rhus, 

I  Caust,;  Laikyr* 

I  Antidotes:  Camph.;  Sulph. 

B  Dose. — Third  to  thirtieth  potency. 

^^^^  OLEUM    ANIMALE. 

^^^^H  (DippePs  Aniiiial  Oil.) 

P  Acts  on  the  nervous  system,  especially  on  pneu- 

rao-gastric  region.  Useful  in  mij^aine  and  neural- 
gia of  spermatic  cord.  Burning  pains  and  stitches. 
*^PuUed  upward*'  and  '^'from  behind  forward*'  pains. 

Head. — Tearing  pain,  with  sadness  and  irritabil- 
ity; worse  after  dinner;  relieved  by  rubbing".  Itch- 
ing, burning  vesicles;  better*  friction. 

Eyes. — Smarting  in  eyes;  misty  vision.  Glisten- 
ing bodies  before  eyes.  Lachrymation  when  eating* 
Short-sighted.     Twitching  of  lids.     [Agar.] 

FoBC.— Watery  excoriating  discharge;  worse  in 
open  air. 

Face.^Feels  drawn.  Cramp-Hke  pains.  Tmtch^ 
ing  of  lips.  Malar-bone  feels  pulled  upward.  Tooth- 
ache better  pressing  teeth  together. 

Mouth.^ — Bites  cheelc  while  eating.  [Causi] 
Tongue  feels  sore.     Greasy  feehng  in  mouth. 

Throat. — Sore,  dry,  constricted.     Air  feels  oold. 

Stomach. — Sensation  as  if  water  were  in  sk^mack; 
of  coldness,  of  constriction,  and  of  burning;  better, 
eructation. 

Abdomen. — Flatulence  and  rumbling.  Ineffec- 
tual urging  to  stool,  with  burning  in  anus.  After 
stool,  bruised  pain  in  abdomen. 

Urine. — Polyuria.     Greenish  urine,  frequent  and 


1 


47S 


OLEANDER— OLEUM  ANIUALE. 


OLEl'M    ANIM, OLEUM    JIi:cnRIS    ASKLLI,        479 

urgent  want  to  urinate,  with  tenesmus  and  scanty 
emissionH     Itching  in  urethra. 

Hale. — Desire  increased ;  ejactjktion  too  soon. 
Pain  ctlong  spermatic  cord  to  testicles.  Testicles 
f^l  Siized  and  pulled  forcibly  upward;  worse,  right. 

Female. ^£ar/3'  and  scant  menstrnaUon;  flow 
black. 

Respiratory. — Chest  feels  constricted.  Asthma 
from  suppressed  foot-sweat.  Oppression.  Stit€hcs 
in  breast  from  behind  forward. 

Extremities, — Sprained  feeling  in  small  of  back. 
Cracking  of  vertebrae  on  raising  head,  [Aloe;  Nat. 
c;  Thuj.]  Restlessness.  Rheumatic  pain  in  shoul- 
ders. 

Modalities* — Worse,  after  eating,  from  2  to  9 
r.  M.       Better^  by  rubbing,  eructation,  open  air. 

bRe  latio  nship ,  — Compare :  Pttls. ;  A  rs. ;  SUic. ;  Sepia . 
Antidotes:  Caniph.;  Op. 
Doae» — Third  to  thirtieth  potency  and  higher* 
OLEUM     JECORIS     ASELLI. 
(Cod-Liver  Oil.) 

Emaciation  J  lassitude,  scrofulous  di^ases,  rheu- 
matic affections.  Atrophy  of  infants;  emaciation^ 
with  hot  hands  and  head;  restless  and  feverish  at 
night.      Pains  in  liver  regioft. 

Chest. — Hoarseness.  Sharp     stitching     pains* 

Burning  spots.  Dry,  hacking,  tickling  cowgh^  espe- 
cially at  night,  Soreness  tkroiigh  chest.  Htcmopty- 
sis.  [Acalypha;  Millef.]  Palpitation  accompanies 
other  symptoms,  yellowness.  Children  who  can- 
not take  milk. 


4So       OLEUM   JECORIS    ASELLI OLEUM    SANTALI. 

Extremities. — ^Aching  in  elbows  and  knees,  in  sa- 
crum. Chronic  theumatism,  with  rigid  muscles  and 
tendons.     Burning  in  palms. 

Fever. — Constantly  chilly  towards  evening.  Hec- 
tic fever.     Night-sweats. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Cholesterine;  Tubercul.; 
Phosph.;  lod.  Also,  Gadus  morrhu<i — Cod — (fre- 
quent breathing,  with  flapping  of  alae  nasi;  rush  of 
blood  to  chest;  pain  in  lungs  and  cough;  dry  heat  in 
palms). 

Dose. — First  to  third  trituration.  Locally  in 
ringworm,  and  nightly  rubbing  for  dwarfish,  ema- 
ciated babies. 


OLEUM    SANTALI. 

(Oil  of  Sandalwood.) 

The  action  in  the  urinary  and  sexual  spheres  is 
most  utilizable,  especially  in  gonorrhoea.  It  is  also 
a  stimulating  disinfectant  expectorant.  Two  or 
three  drops  on  sugar  will  frequently  relieve  the  hack- 
ing cough  when  but  little  sputum  is  expectorated. 

Male. — Painful  erections;  swelling  of  the  prepuce. 
Thick,  yellowish  muco-purulent  discharge.  Deep 
pain  in  perineum. 

Urine. — Frequent,  burning,  smarting,  swelling, 
and  redness  of  meatus.  Stream  small  and  slow. 
Acute  aching  in  kidney  region.  Sensation  of  a  ball 
pressing  against  the  urethra;  worse,  standing. 
Gleet  with  profuse  thick  discharge;  chronic  cystitis. 

Dose. — Two  to  ten  m.  in  capsules. 


ONTSCUS    ASKLLUS OKOSMODIUM- 

OWISCUS    ASELLUS— MILLEPEDES, 
(Wood-LouseO 

\  Has  distinct  diiiretic  properties;  hence  its  use  in 
dropsies.  Asthmatic  conditions,  with  brotichial  ca- 
tarrh. 

H«ad. — Boring  pain  behind  right  ear  on  mastoid 
process.  [Caps.]  Violent  pulsation  of  arteries 
[Pathos.;  Glofwine.]  Painful  pressure  above  the 
root  of  nose- 

Stomach. — Persistent  pressure  in  cardiac  orifice. 
Vomitings 

Abdomen* — Distended;  fneteorism;  very  severe 
colic. 

Urine, — Cutting  burning  in  urethra.  Tenesmus 
(?/  bladder  and  rectum,  with  absence  of  stool  and 
urine. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Pothos.  f<si.;  Cantk. 

Jose.- — Third  to  sixth  potency. 

ONOSMODIUM, 

(False  GromwelL) 

remedy  for  migraine.  Headaches  from  eye- 
strain and  sextml  weakness.  It  produces  diminu- 
tion of  sexual  desire  in  both  sexes ;  hence  its  homoeo- 
pathicity  in  sexual  neiir asthenia.  Neuralgic  pains. 
General  prostration.     ,^cts  as  if  boni  tired. 

Head. — Confused.  Dull,  heavy,  dizzy,  pressing 
upward  in  occiput,  Occi  pi  to -frontal  pain  in  morn- 
ing on  waking,  chiefly  left  side.  Pain  in  temples  and 
^  mastoid ,     [  Capsic  J 


4S2  CJNOSMO&ttPU- 

Eyes. — Strained  feeling  in  eyes;  worse,  using  ej'es. 
Eyes  heavy  a^d  dull;  muscular  asthenopia;  otw/ar 
tnn Seles  tense.  Pain  in  eyeballs  between  orbit  and 
balli  extending  to  left  temple, 

Throftt. — Severe  dryness.  Discharge  from  pos- 
terior nnres,  Raw  scraping.  Stuffed  feeHng  i^i 
posteri6r  uares.     Symptoms  worse  by  cold  drinks. 

Stoitiach. — Craving:  for  ice-water  and  cold  driaks; 
wants  to  drink  often.     Abdomen  feels  bloated. 

Back. — Pain  in  dcjrsal  and  lumbar  regions.  Ntimb- 
ness  and  tingling  in  feet  and  legs. 

Chest. — Sore,  aching,  in  breasts  i  feel  swollen  and 
sore.     Pain  in  heart;  pulse  rapids  irregular,  weaK, 

Male, — Constant  seminal  excitement.  Psychkd 
tmpohmc€.  Loss  of  desire.  Speedy  emissions.  De- 
ficient erections. 

Female.— Severe  uterine  pains;  bearing-down 
pa  i  ns :  old  pai  ns  ret  u  rn .  Sexu  at  desire  com  plekiy  ^^' 
stroyed.  Feels  as  if  menses  would  appear.  Aching 
in  breasts.  Nipples  itch.  Menses  too  early  and  too 
prolonged. 

Extremities. — Pain  in  back.  Tired  and  numb 
feeling  in  legs  and  popliteal  spaces  and  below  knees. 
Staggering  gait  Sidewalk  seems  too  high ,  Pain  in 
left  scapular  region. 

Modalities.— >K^r^e,  from  motion,  jar,  and  tight 
clothing.  Better^  wheji  undressed,  w  hen  lying  down 
on  back^  from  cold  drinks  and  eating. 

Re  1  a tionsh  ip .  —Co  m  pare :  ATa  f .  m  h  r . ,'  Lilium ;  Gds> 
Dose, — Thirtieth  and  higher  have  been  used  nivc«i 
frequently. 


OOPHORiNUM— OPIUM,  483 


rOOPHORINUM. 
(Ovarian  Extract.) 

Suffering  following  e^^cisiiioTi  of  ihe  ovaries.  Cli- 
macteric  dit^turbanctsti.  Ovarian  cysts.  Acne  rosa- 
ce ea.      Prurigo  4 

I  Relatiotistup. — Compare :  Orchitinum — Testicular 
Extract— (after  ovariotomy,  sexual  weakness,  senile 
decay) . 

Dose, — iiOw  triturations. 


OPIUM, 

(PoppyO 

The  effects  of  Opium^  as  shown  in  the  insensi- 
bility of  the  nervous  system,  the  depression,  drowsy 
stupor,  and  torpor,  the  general  sluggishness  and  lack 
of  vital  reaction,  constitute  the  main  indic-ations  for 
the  drug  when  used  homoeopathically,  All  com- 
plaints are  characterised  hy  sopor.  Thev  are  pain- 
kss,  and  arc  accompanied  by  hravy.  stupid  deep,  stvr- 
ioroHS  hrm thing.  Swmiy  skin.  Dark  mahogany- 
browu  face.  Want  of  sensitiveness  to  the  action  of 
medicines.  Reappearance  and  aggravation  from  be- 
coming  heated. 

Mind. ^Patient  wants  nothing.  Compkie  loss  of 
consciousness;  apopieciic  stale.  Frightful  fancies, 
daring,  gay,  bright.  Unable  to  understand  or  ap- 
preciate his  sufferings.  Thinks  he  is  not  at  home^ 
Effects  of  fright,  generally.     [Acan.] 

Head. ^Vertigo;  lightness  of  head  in  old  people, 
DulU     heavy,     stupid.     Delirium.     Vertigo     atXet 


484  OPIUM. 

fright.     Pain  in  back  of  head;  great  weight  there. 
[Gels.]     Bursting  feeling.     Paralysis  of  brain. 

Eyes. — Half 'Closed,  dilated;  pupils  insensible,  con- 
tracted.    Ptosis.     [Gels.;  Caust.]     Staring,  glassy. 

Face. — Red,  bloated,  swollen^  dark,  suffused,  hot. 
Looks  intoxicated,  besotted.  [Bapt.;  Lack.]  Spas- 
modic facial  twitching,  especially  comers  of  mouth. 
Veins  of  face  distended.  Hanging  down  of  lower 
jaw.     Distorted. 

Mouth. — Dry.  Tongue  black,  paralyzed.  Bloody 
froth.     Intense  thirst.     Blubbering  of  lips. 

Stomach. — Vomiting,  with  colic  and  convulsions. 
Faecal  vomiting.  Incarcerated  hernia.  Hungry; 
no  desire  to  eat. 

Abdomen. — Hard,  bloated,  tympanitic.  Lead 
colic.  During  colic,  urging  to  stool  and  discharge 
of  hard  faeces. 

Stool. — Obstinate  constipation ;  no  desire  to  go  to 
stool.  Round,  hard,  black  halls.  Faeces  protrude 
and  recede.  [Thuj.;  Sil.]  Spasmodic  retention  of 
faeces  in  small  intestines.  Stools  involuntary,  black, 
offensive,  frothy.  Violent  pain  in  rectum,  as  if 
pressed  asunder. 

Urine. — Slow  to  start;  feeble  stream.  Retained 
or  involuntary  after  fright.  Loss  of  power  or  sensi- 
bility of  bladder. 

Female. — Suppressed  menses  from  fright.  Cessa- 
tion of  labor-pains,  with  coma  and  twitchings. 
Puerperal  convulsions;  drowsiness  or  coma  between 
paroxysms.  Threatened  abortion  and  suppression 
of  lochia  from  fright,  with  sopor. 

JRespiratory. — Breathing  stops  on  going  to  sleep; 


48s. 


must  be  shaken  to  start  it  agam.  [Grindetia*] 
Hoarse,  Deep  snoring;  rattling,  stertorous  breathing* 
Difficult,  intermitting,  deep,  unequal  respiration. 
Heat  in  chest;  burning  about  heart.  Cough,  with 
dyspnoea  and  blue  face;  with  bloody  expectoration- 
Sleep,— Great  drowsinest^.  [Gels.;  Nux  mosch. 
Loss  of  breath  on  falling  asleep.  [Grind.]  Coma 
vigil.  Picking  at  bedclothes.  Ver}^  sleepy,  but 
cannot  go  to  sleep.  Distant  noises,  cocks  crowing s 
etc,  keep  him  awake.  Child  dreams  of  cats,  dogs, 
black  forms.  Bed  feels  so  hot  cannot  lie  on  it* 
Pleasant,  fantastic,  amorous  dreams.  Shaking 
chill ;  then  heat,  with  sleep  and  sweat.  Thirst  only 
during  heat.  j 

Fever, — Pulse  full  and  slow.  Heat  extending  over 
body.  Hot  perspiration.  Fever  characterized  by 
stupor,  snoring  respiration,  and  twitching  of  limbs. 

Back  and  Extremities, — Opisthotonos.       Swollen  - 
\^eins  of  neck .     Painless  paralysis ,    [Oleand.]  Twiick - . I 
ing  of  hmhs.     Niuubness.     Jerks  as  if  flexors  were 
overacting.     Convulsions;  worse  from  glare  of  lights 
coldness  of  Umbs.  J 

Skin, — Hot,  damp,  sweating.  Constant  desire  to  I 
uncover.  Hot  perspiration  ovt^r  whole  body  ex^eptM 
lower  limbs.  1 

Modalities .^PK^j^,  heat,  during  and  aft«r  sleep i^l 
I A  pis;  Lack.]     Better,  cold  things,  constant  walking- 

Relationship, — Compare:    Apts;  Bell.;  Gels.;  Nux 
mosch.;  Morphinum  {extreme  susceptibility  to  pain; 
twitching;  tympanitiii:  much  itching);  Codein  (dry  ■ 
teasing,  incessant  cough;  twitching  of  muscles,  es-J 
pecially  those  of  eyelids) ;  Eschscholtsia — California 
Poppy — (a  harmless  soporific). 


}Z  1 


[  4B6        OPJUM— OPUNTIA    VULG.^ — ORBODAPHNK. 

Antidote:  Ipecac, 

Dose« — Third  to  30th  and  200th  potency. 

ffon-Homoeopathic     Preparations     and     Uses, 
Palliative  cmly  in  great  pain,  sleeplessness,  peritoni- 
tis, and  to  check  excessive  secretion  in  diarrhoea, 
diabetes,  etc. 

Opium  (crude) — Official  dose^  1  grain. 

Laudanum  (tincture) — Dose^  5  to  ao  drops 

Paregoric  (an  elixir  of  Opium) — Dose,  up  to  J  01 

Morphine — |  to  i  gr. 

Magendie's  solution — ^16  grains  to  i  oz.,  or  5  drops 
I  equal  to  |  grain. 

Codein — |  to  i  gr. 

Dover's   Powder   (Opium  and   Ipecac)— 5   to   15 
grains, 

Aporaorphia — 1-20  to  t-ro  gr.  hypodermically. 

OPUKTIA    VULGARIS. 

(Prickly  Pear,) 

Diarrhoea,  with  nausea.  Feels  as  if  bowels  W0 
settled  dawn  in  lower  abdomen.  Sick  feehng  in  low^r 
third  of  abdomen. 

Relationship,— Compare :  Cha  paras  amorgosa 
(which  Mexican  physicians  laud  as  a  specific  in 
chronic  diarrhoea).  Oleutn  ricinus  communis  (diai| 
rhoea,  dysentery,  obstinate  chronic  diarrhoea). 


OREODAPHNE. 

(California  LaureL) 

Neuralgic    headache,    cerebro-spinal    meningitis 
atonic  diarrhoea,  and  intestinal  colic. 

Head, — Dizziness;  worse  on  stooping  or  moving. 


OR  EOD  APHN  E ORIGAN  UM — ^OS  M I U  M.  4>^  7 

liitetise  achmg,  with  pressure  at  inner  angle  of  either 
orbit,  generally  left,  extending  through  brain  and 
across  scalp  to  the  base  of  the  occiput;  worse,  hght^ 
noise;  better^  closing  eyes  and  perfect  quiet.  Con- 
stant dull  ache  in  c&rvicai  and  occipital  region ^  ex- 
tending to  scapula.  Great  heaviness  of  head,  with 
constant  desire  to  move  the  head^  which  does  not 
relieve.      Drooping  eyelids.     Twitching. 

Stomach, — Eructations,  with  nausea  and  shud- 
dering. 

Dose. — First  to  third  potency. 

ORIGANUM. 

(Sweet  Marjoram,} 

Acts  on  nervous  system  generally,  and  is  effective 
In  masturbation  and  excessively  aroused  sexual  im- 
pulses.    Affections  of  the  breasts.      [Bufo.] 

Female. — Eroiomania;  powerful  lascivious  ini' 
pulses;  leticorrhoeat  hysteria.  Las^civious  ideas  and 
dre^im^i . 

Relationship.^^ompare:  Ferula  glauca  (in  vio- 
lent sexual  excitement  in  w^omen;  icy  coldness  in 
occiput);  Plat.;  Valer.;  Cantk.;  Hyos. 

Dose^ — ^Third  to  fourth  potencies, 

OSMIUM. 
(The  Element.) 

Irritation  and  catarrh  of  respiratory  organs.  Ec- 
zema.    Albuminuria,     Fain  in  trachea. 

Head* — Feels  as  if  a  band  around  head.  FaUing 
off  of  hair.     [Kali  carb^;  Fluor ^  ac,\ 


488        OSMIUM OSTRYA   VIRG. OVI    GAL.    PEL. 

Nose. — Coryza,  with  full  feeling  in  nose.  Nose 
and  larynx  sensitive  to  air.  Small  lumps  of  phlegm 
from  posterior  nares. 

Eyes. — Glaucoma;  violent  pains  and  lachryma- 
tion.  Green  colors  surround  candle-light.  Con- 
junctivitis. 

Respiratory. — ^Acute  laryngitis;  cough  and  ex- 
pectoration of  tough,  stringy  mucus.  Convulsive 
cough;  feels  as  though  membrane  were  torn  from 
larynx.  Noisy,  dry,  hard  coughs  in  violent  short 
bursts,  coming  from  low  down,  shaking  the  whole 
body.  Talking  causes  pain  in  larynx.  Hoarse; 
pain  in  larynx;  sore  sternum.  Twitching  of  fingers, 
with  spasmodic  cough. 

Skin. — Eczema,  with  pruritus.  Irritated  skin. 
Itching  pimples. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Argent.;  Iridium;  Selen.; 
Mangan. 

Dose. — Third  to  thirtieth  potency. 

OSTRYA    VIRGINICA. 
(Ironwood.) 

Of  great  value  in  anaemia  from  malaria.  Bilious 
conditions  and  intermittent  fever. 

Gastric. — Tongue  yellow;  coated  at  the  root.  Loss 
of  appetite.  Frequent  nausea,  with  dull  frontal 
headache.     Sickening  pains. 

Dose. — First  to  third  potency. 

OVI     GALLISJE    PELLICULA. 
(Membrane  of  Egg-Shell.) 

Sudden  pains.  [Bell.]  Bearing-down  sensation. 
Intolerance  of  bands  on  wrists,  arms,  waist,  etc. 


OVI    GAL.    PEL. OXALICUM   AClUUM.  489 

Backache  and  pain  in  left  hip.     Debility.     Pain  in 
heart  and  left  ovary. 

Relationship. — Compare;  Calc.;  Naja;  Ova  testa 
(leucorrhoea  and  backache)* 

OXALICUM    ACIDUM. 
(Sorrel  Add.) 

Influences  the  spinal  cord,  atid  produces  motor 
paralysis.     Pains  very  violent,  tn  spots;  worse,  mo- 
tion and  thinking  of  than.     Pi^iodical  remission^ 
Spasmodic  symptoms  of  throat  and  chest.     Rheiima- 
tism  of  left  side.     N e u raslh e nia .     Tu here ulo sis . 

Head. — Sense  of  heat.  Confusion  and  vertigo. 
Headache  before  and  during  stool. 

Eyes, — Severe  pain  in  eyes;  feel  expanded.  Hy- 
pertEsikesia  of  retina. 

Stomach. — Burning  paion  extending  upwards; 
slightest  touch  causes  excruciating  pain, 

Abdomen.^Stitches  in  liver.  Colic,  Burning  in 
small  spots  in  abdomen.     Diarrhcea  from  coffee, 

Male. — Terrible  neuralgic  fa^ns  in  spermatic  cord. 
Testicles  teel  confused  and  heavy. 

Respiratory. — Breathing  spasmodic,  with  con- 
i^triction  of  larynx  and  chest.  Hoarsei^ii^ss^  Left 
lung  pain^iU.  Aphonia.  Paralysis  of  the  tensors 
of  vocal  chord.     Dyspntva;  short  jerking  inspirations. 

Heart. — -Palpitation  and  dyspnoea  in  organic 
heart  disease;  worse,  when  thinking  of  it,  Pulse 
feeble.  Heart  symptoms  alternate  with  aphonia* 
Angina  pectoris;  skarp,  lancin<iting  pain  in  left  lung, 
cofning  on  suddenly,  depriving  of  breath. 

Eztremittes. — Numb,  weak,  tinghng.     Pain&st^axV 


I 


490    OXAL.  AC. OXYDENDRON OXYTROPIS. 

from  spine  and  extend  through  extremities.  Draw- 
ing and  lancinating  pains  shooting  down  extremi- 
ties. Backache;  nimab,  weak.  Muscular  prostra- 
tion. Wrist  painful,  as  if  sprained.  [  Ulmus.] 
Lower  extremities  blue,  cold,  insensible. 

Skin. — Sensitive;  mottled,  marbled  in  circular 
patches.     Perspires  easily. 

Modalities. — Worse,  left  side;  slightest  touch; 
light;  shaving. 

Relationship.— Compare :  Ars.;  Colch.;  Arg.;  Pic. 
ac.;  Scolopendra — Centipede — (terrible  pains  in  back 
and  loins,  extending  down  limbs;  return  periodically, 
commencing  in  head,  to  toes). 

Dose. — Sixth  to  thirtieth  potency. 

OXYDENDRON. 

(Sorrel-Tree.) 

A  remedy  for  dropsy — ascites  and  anasarca. 
Urine  suppressed.  Great  difficulty  of  breathing. 
Tincture. 

OXYTROPIS. 

(Loco- Weed — Astragalus. ) 

Marked  action  on  nervous  system.  Trembling, 
sensation  of  emptiness. 

Mind. — Desires  to  be  alone.  Disinclined  to  work 
or  talk.  Worse,  thinking  of  symptoms.  {Oxal.  ac] 
Mental  depression.     Vertigo. 

Head. — Full,  warm  feeling  about  head.  Feeling 
of  intoxication,  with  loss  of  vision.  Pain  in  maxil- 
lary bones  and  masseter  muscles. 

Eyes. — Sight  obscured;  pupils  contracted;  do  not 


OXYTROPIS P^ONIA.  49! 

respond  to  light.  Paralysis  of  nerves  and  niuscles 
of  eyes. 

Rectum. — Sphincter  seems  relaxed.  Stools  slip 
from  anus  like  lumps  of  jelly  ► 

Urine. — Urging  to  urinate  when  thinking  of  it. 
Profuse  flow.     Pain  in  kidneys.     [Berberts.] 

Male. — No  desire  or  ability.  Pain  in  testicles  and 
along  spermatic  cord  and  down  thighs. 

Eitrejnities, — Numb  feeling  about  spine.  Stag- 
g^ing  gmt.  Loss  of  co-ordination.  Patellar  tendon 
reflex  lost.  Pains  come  and  go  quickly ^  but  muscles 
remain  sore  and  stiff. 

Sleep. — Restless,  dreams  of  quarrel. 

RelatKonship. — Compare:  Laikyr.;  Physost.;  OxaL 
ac. 

Modalities. — Worse,  thinking  of  symptoms  (mono- 
maniac  tendency).     Better ^  after  sleep. 

Dose. — Tincture,  to  third  potency. 

(Peony.) 

The  rectal  symptoms  are  most  important*  Chronic 
ulcers  on  lower  parts  of  body. 

Head. — Nervous.  Vertigo  when  moving.  Burn- 
ing m  eyes  and  ringing  in  ears. 

Rectum. — Biting  itching  in  anus;  orifice  swollen. 
Burning  in  anus  after  stool ;  then  internal  chilliness. 
Painful  ulcer  J  oozing  offensive  moisture  on  perineum. 
Himnorrhoids,  fissures,  ulceration  of  anus  and  pe- 
rineum, purple,  covered  with  crusts.  Atrocious  pains 
with  and  after  each  stool.  Sudden  pasty  diarrhoea, 
with  faintnees  in  abdomen. 


492  PJIONIA PALLADIUM. 

Chest.  Sticking  pain  in  left  chest.  Heat  in  chest. 
Dull  shooting  from  front  to  back  through  heart. 

Extremities. — Pain  in  wrist  and  fingers;  knees  and 
toes. 

Skin. — Sensitive,  painful.  Ulcers  below  coccyx, 
around  sacrum;  varicose  veins.  Itching  burning  as 
from  nettles. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Hamam.,  Sil.;  Msc; 
Ratanh.  {great  constriction  of  anus;  stools  forced  with 
great  effort). 

Antidotes:  Ratanh.;  Aloe. 

Dose. — Third  potency. 

PALLADIUM. 

(The  Metal.) 

An  ovarian  remedy ;  acts  also  on  mind  and  skin. 

Mind. — Weeping  mood.  Love  of  approbation. 
Pride;  eastly  offended.  Inclined  to  use  violent  lan- 
guage. 

Head. — Feels  as  if  swung  backward  and  forwards. 
Pain  across  top  of  head  from  ear  to  ear;  worse,  after 
an  evening's  entertainment.     Sallow  complexion. 

Abdomen. — Shooting  pain  from  navel  to  pelvis. 
Intestines  feel  strangulated.  Soreness  of  abdomen, 
swelling  in  right  groin.  Flatulency.  [Nat.  sulph.; 
Lycop.] 

Female. — Cutting  pain  in  uterus;  relieved  after 
stool.  Pain  and  swelling  in  region  of  right  ovary. 
Shooting  or  burning  pain  in  pelvis  and  bearing-down; 
relieved  by  rubbing.  Soreness  and  shooting  pain  from 
navel  to  breast.     Glairy  leucorrhoea.     Menstrual  dis- 


i  diarge  wh 


PALLADIUM — PARAFFINE. 


493 


while  nursing*     Stitches  in  right  breast  near 
\  nipple. 

Extremities  .^Pruritus.     Tired  feeling  in  small  of 
\  back.     Fleeting    neuralgic    pains    in    extremities. 
Heavy  and  tired  in  limbs.     Darting  pains  from  toes 
to  hips. 

Relationship. — Complementary :  PlaL 
Compare;  Arg.;  Melon.;  Lit.;  Apis. 

Pose, — Sixth  to  thirtieth  potency* 

IPARAFFIITE. 
(Purified  Paraffin.) 
aluable  in  uterine  affections*     Particularly 
viceable  in  constipation.     Knife*like  pains. 
i      Head.-  Left  side  of  head  and  face  suffer  most; 
'pains  stinging  and  twisting*     Pain  as  if  a  nail  were 
•  driven  in  left  side  of  vertex* 

^      E^res. — Vision  dim;  black  specks  before.       Lids 
red.     Sensation  as  if  there  were  fat  on  the  eyes. 
Mouth. — Full  of  saliva :  feels  sticky ;  bitter  taste* 
Stomacli. — Hungry    aU    the    time.     Pain    across 
stomach.     Pain  in  stomach  alternates  with  pain  in 
throat  and  spine. 

Abdomen. — Pain  in  lower  abdomen^  extending  to 

rectum  and  coccyx;  better,  sitting. 

^      Rectum. — Frequent  desire  for  stool.       Obstinaie 

constipation    in    children.     [Alumina:    Nyctanthfs,] 

\  Chronic  constipatiuni   with   his^norrhoids  and   ctiu* 

I  tinual  urging  to  stool,  without  result. 

Female, — Menses  too  late,  black,  abundant* 
Milky  leucorrhoea.  Nipples  pain  when  touched,  &6 
if  wore  inside.     Stabbing  pain  in  mons  vexiem. 


494  PARAPPTNE PAREIRA    BRARVA. 

EjEtremities. — Pain  in  spine  extending  to  inguinal 
region  and  in  both  loins,  when  ascending  the  staifs. 
Feeling  of  electric  shocks  in  all  joints, 

Re  la  rionship.  —  Compa  re :  NaphthaUn ;  Petfd, ; 
Kreos.;  Etipion. 

Dose. — Lower  triturations  and  thirtieth  potency. 

PAREIRA     BRARVA. 
(Virgin- Vine/) 

The  urinary  symptoms  are  most  important.  Use- 
ful in  renal  colic r  prostatic  affections,  and  catarrh  of 
bladder* 

Urinary,^— Black,  bloody,  thick  mucous  urine 
Constant  urging;  great  draining;  patn  down  tkig^^ 
4uring  effo-rts  to  urirtate.  Can  emit  urine  only  when 
he  goes  on  his  knees,  prewsing  head  firmly  against 
the  floor.  Feeling  of  the  bladder  being  distende<i 
and  neuralgic  pain  in  the  anterior  crural  region. 
{Staph ^]  Dribbling  after  micturition.  [Sden.]  Vio* 
lent  pain  -tn  gtans  penis.  Itching  along  urethra; 
urethritis,  with  prostatic  trouble.  Inflammation  of 
urethra;  becomes  almost  cartilaginous. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Chimapkila  (chronic ca- 
tarrhal congestion  following  cystitis;  acute  prosta- 
titis j  feeling  of  a  ball  in  perineum  when  sitting)** 
Fabiana  (dysuria;  post-gonorrhoeal  complications; 
gravel ;  vesical  catarrh) ;  Papaya  (pain  from  perine- 
um  to  middle  of  pejii?,  as  though  a  rough,  Jagg^ 
body  forced  itself  out;  pain  in  left  testicle;  stTaining 
when  first  urinating  in  the  morning,  as  from  an  ob« 
stniction):  Uva;  Hydrang.;  Berber.;  Ocim.;  Hedeom 

Dose  .^Tincture,  to  third  potency. 


I 

I 


PARIS   QUADRIFOLIA.  -  4Q5 

PARIS    Q0ADRTFOLIA. 

(One-BerryO 

Head  s^'mptoms  marked  aiid  veritied, 

Mind. — imaginary  foul  smells.  FccIh  Loo  large. 
Garrulous,  prattling,  vivacious. 

Head.— Sen s^t ion  b.^  if  scalp  were  contracted  and 
bones  scraped.  Soreness  of  top  of  head;  cannot 
brush  hair,  Aches  as  from  pulling  a  siring  from 
*^}*€s  to  occiput.  Occipital  headache,  with  a  feehng  of 
weight.  Head  feels  very  large.  Scalp  sensitive. 
Numb  feeling  on  left  side  of  head* 

Eyes* — Afifects  eyebrows.  Eyes  feel  heavy  as  if 
they  were  projected;  si'nsaiion  of  a  string  through  eye* 
balk 

F&ee. — Neuralgia;  hot  stitches  in  left  malar  bone- 
which  is  very  sore.  Has  relieved  in  inflammation 
of  the  antrum  where  eye  symptoniB  coexisted.  fl 

Respiratory. — Stuffed  conditipti  and  fullness  at 
root  of  nose.  Periodical  painless  hoarscnesSr  Cough 
as  from  vapor  of  sulphur  in  trachea.  Constant 
hawking  on  account  of  viscid  green  mucus  in  lar\'nx 
and  trachea. 

Extremities. — Sense  of  weight  and  weariness  in 
nape  of  fuxk  and  across  shoulders.  Neuralgia,  be- 
ginning in  left  intercostal  region,  and  extending  into 
left  arm.  Arm  becomes  stiff,  fingers  clenched.  Neu- 
ral^a  of  spine;  pain  about  at  sixth  cervical  %xrtebra* 
Neuralgia  of  coccyx;  pulsating  sticking  when  sitting. 
Finders  often  feel  nuinb.     Numbness  of  upper  limbs. 

Relationship « — Compare:  Sil  ;  Cak.;  Nnx;  Rhus. 
^h  Incompatible !  Ferr*  pkos. 
^  Antidote :  Coff^ 

Dose-^Third  potency. 


I 


496         PARTHENIUM PASSIFLORA. PAULLINU. 

PARTHENIUM. 

(Bitter-Broom.) 

A  Cuban  remedy  for  fevers.  Cheyne-Stokes 
breathing.      After  Quinine. 

Head. — Aches,  extending  to  nose;  feels  swelled; 
pain  in  frontal  eminence.  Eyes  heavy;  eyeballs 
ache.  Ringing  in  ears.  Pain  at  root  of  nose;  feels 
swollen.     Aching  in  teeth.     Disordered  vision. 

Abdomen. — Pain  in  left  hypochondrium.  Spleen 
affections. 

Relationship. — Compare:  China;  Ceanoth.;  Helir 
anth. 

PASSIFLORA    mCARNATA. 
(Passion-flower.) 

An  efficient  anti-spasmodic.  Insomnia,  neuroses 
of  children,  worm-fever,  teething,  spasms.  Tetanus. 
Hysteria,  puerperal  convulsions.  Painful  diarrhoea. 
Acute  mania.  Atbnic  condition  generally  present. 
Asthma,  10-30  gtt.  every  ten  minutes  for  a  few  doses. 
Locally,  in  erysipelas. 

Sleep. — Restless  and  wakeful,  resulting  from  ex- 
haustion. Insomnia  of  infants  and  the  aged,  and 
the  mentally  worried  and  overworked,  with  ten- 
dency to  convulsions. 

Dose. — Large  doses  of  mother  tincture  are  re- 
quired— thirty  to  sixty  drops,  repeated  several  times. 

PAULLINIA    SORBILIS. 
(Guarana.) 

Contains  a  large  percentage  of  Caffein,  which  may 
explain  its  use  as  a  remedy  for  certain  forms  of  sick 
headache. 


PAULLINIA,— PEDICULUS — PBKTHOEUM. 


I         Hemd.^ Intellectual  excitement.     Sick  headache 
I     in  persons  who  have  used  tea  and  coffee  in  excess, 
I     Throbbing  headache  after  rn^e  of  hquor. 
I  Bowels, — Stools    proftiKc,    bloodVt    bright   green;] 

i      flakes  intermixed;  odorless.     Cholera  infantum. 

iSkin^^ — Chloasmata  on  temples  and  arms.     Urti- 
caria.     IPuk,  Apis  Chloral.] 
Sleep. — Uncontrollable   sleepiness  and  heaviness  ' 
of  head,  with  flushed  face  after  eating. 

Dose. — Must  be  given  in  material  doses-— fifteen  | 
to  sixty  grains  of  the  powder. 

PEBICULUS. 

(Head-Louse.) 

Eruption  on  dorsum  of  hands,  feet,  neck;  prurigo;' 
pellagra,  [Sedinlta]  Psora  manifestations  in  chil* 
dren.     Unusual  aptitude  for  study  and  work. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Cimex;  P sarin.;  Trom- 
bid, 

PEHTHORUM, 

(Virginia  Stonecrap/) 

A  remedy  for  cor}''^aT  with  rawness  in  nose  and  ^ 
throat.       Chronic  disorders  of  mucous  membranes, 
with  irritability.     Hypersecretion  of  mucous  mem- 
branes.    Itching  of  anus  and  burning  in  rectym^-J 
Trouble  in  pharyngeal  vault  and  eustachian  tube. 

Hose.— Constant  wet  feeling  in  nose.     Discharge^ 
thick,  pus-hke,  streaked  with  bloods 

Dose. — Not  very  active,  and  better  adapted  to  ^ 
chronic  affections,  and  its  use  should  be  persisted  va 
for  Home  time.     Lower  potencies. 

Relationship.— Compare:  Sang.;   H-^dt. 


498  PETROLEUM. 

PETROLEUM. 

(Crude  Rock-Oil.) 

Very  marked  skin  symptoms.  Ailments  are  worse 
during  the  winter  season.  Ailments  from  riding  in 
cars,  carriages,  or  ships;  lingering  gastric  and  lung 
troubles;  chronic  diarrhoea.  Long-lasting  com- 
plaints follow  mental  states — fright,  vexation,  etc. 

Mind. — Marked  aggravation  from  mental  emo- 
tions. Loses  his  way  in  streets.  Thinks  he  is  dou- 
ble, or  some  one  else  lying  alongside.  Feels  that 
death  is  near,  and  must  hurry  to  settle  affairs.  Irri- 
table, easily  offended,  vexed  at  everything.  Low- 
spirited,  with  dimness  of  sight. 

Head. — Sensitive,  as  of  a  cold  breeze  blowing  on  it. 
Feels  numb,  as  if  made  of  wood ;  occiput  heavy ^  as  of 
lead.  [Opium.]  Vertigo  on  rising  felt  in  occiput, 
as  if  intoxicated,  or  like  seasickness.  Moist  eruption 
on  scalp;  worse,  back  and  ears.  Scalp  sore  to  touch, 
followed  by  numbness. 

Eyes. — Loss  of  eyelashes.  Dim  sight ;  far-sighted; 
cannot  read  fine  print  without  glasses;  blennorrhoea 
of  lachrymal  sac;  marginal  blepharitis.  Canthi  fis- 
sured. 

Ears. — Noise  unbearable,  especially  from  several 
people  talking  together.  Eczema,  intertrigo,  etc, 
in  and  behind  ears,  with  intense  itching.  Parts  sore 
to  touch.  Fissures  in  meatus.  Dry  catarrh,  with 
deafness  and  noises. 

Nose. — Nostrils  ulcerated,  cracked,  burn;  tip  of 
nose  itches.  Epistaxis.  Ozaeng,  with  scabs  and 
muco-purulent  discharge. 


w 


PETROLEUM. 

Face,^-Dry;  feels  constricted,  as  if  covered  witt 
albumen , 

Stomach. — Strong  aversion  to  fat  food,  meat;" 
worse,  eating  cabbage.  Hunger  immediately  after 
stool.  Nausea,  with  accumulation  of  water  in 
month.  Ga^tralgia  when  stomach  is  empty;  re- 
lieved by  constant  eating.  [Anac;  Sep.]  Must 
rise  at  night  and  eat.     [Psorin,]     Odor  of  garlic. 

Abdomen. — Diarrksa  only  in  the  daytime;  watery,  , 
gushing;  after  cabbage;  with  empty  feeling  of  stoii]^H 
ach,  ^H 

Male. — ^Herpetic  eruption  on  penneum.  Prostate 
inflamed  and  swollen.     Itching  in  urethra. 

Female. — Before     menses,     throbbing    in    head. 
[Kfeos.\    Leucorrhoea,  profuse,  albuminous.    [Ahim; 
'^^Bof,;  Bav.;  Cak.  p,\     Genitals  sore  and  moist.    Sen- 
^^Hatton  of  moisture.     [Eup.  purp!]  ^H 

>  Respiratory-^  Hoarsenejis.    [Catbo;  Caust.;  Plws!^^ 

Dry  covigh  and  oppression  of  chest  at  night.     Op- 
pression of  chest;  worse,  cold  air.     Dry  cough  at 
\        night,  coming  deep  from  chest. 

Heart. — Sensation  of  coldness-  [Carh.  an,;  Nat. 
tnur.]  Fainting,  with  ebullitions,  heat,  and  palpita- 
tion. 

Extremities. ^-Chronic  sprains.  Fetid  sweat  in 
axilla;.  Knees  stiff.  Tips  a}  fingers  rough,  cracked, 
fissured  every  tmnter. 

Skin. — Itching  at  night.     Chilblains*  moist,  itch 
and   burn.     Bed -sores.     Skin  dry,   consiricied,  very 
sensitive^    rough    and    cracked.     Herpes.     Slightest 
scratch  makes  skin  suppurate.     {H^par] 
\  Fever, — Chilliness,  followed  by  sijveat.     Flvi^Vi^'^'ai 


500    PETROLEUM PBTROSBLINUM — PHASBOLT7S. 

heat,  particularly  of  the  face  and  head;  worse  at 
night.     Perspiration  on  feet  and  axillae. 

Modalities. — Worse,  before  and  during  a  thun- 
der-storm, from  riding  in  cars,  in  winter,  eating, 
from  mental  states.     Better,  warm  air. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Carbo;  Graph.;  Sidph.; 
Phos.;  Plumbago.  (Eczema  of  hands,  vesicular 
eruptions). 

Complementary:  Sepia. 

Antidotes:  Nux;  Coccul. 

Dose. — ^Third  to  thirtieth  potency. 

PETROSELIWUM. 

(Parsley.) 

The  urinary  symptoms  give  the  key-notes  for  this 
remedy. 

Urinary. — Burning,  tinghng,  from  perineum 
throughout  whole  tuethra;  sudden  urging  to  urinate, 
frequent  voluptuous  tickling  in  fossa  navicularis. 
Gonorrhoea;  sudden  irresistible  desire  to  urinate;  in- 
tense biting  itching  deep  in  urethra;  milky  discharge. 

Stomach. — ^Thirsty  and  hungry,  but  desire  fails  on 
beginning  to  eat  or  drink. 

Relationship .  —  Compare :  A  piol — the  active 
principle  of  Parsley — (in  dysmenorrhcea) ;  Canth-i 
Sars.;  Cannab.;  Merc. 

Dose. — First  to  third  potency. 

PHASEOLUS. 
(Dwarf-Bean.) 

Heart  symptoms  quite  pronounced. 
Eyes. — Pupils  dilated,  insensible  to  light.     Eye- 
balls painful  to  touch. 


PHASEOLtrS PTlELLANDRIt'M.  ^0  1 

Chest. — Breathing  slow  and  sighing.  Pnhe  rapid. 
PalpUatian^  Sick  feeling  abotit  heart,  with  weak 
pulse . 

Relationship. — Compare:  Cramg.;  Lack. 

Dose. — Sixth  to  twelfth  potency.  A  decoction  of 
the  shells  as  a  drink  for  diabetes. 

PHELLANDRIUM, 

(Water  Dropwort.) 

The  respiratory  symptoms  are  most  important^ 
and  have  been  frequently  verified  clinically.  A  very 
good  remedy  for  the  offensive  expectoration  and 
cough  in  phthisis^  bronchitis,  and  emphysema.  Tti- 
berculosiSi  jiifecting  generally  the  middle  lol^es. 
Everything  tastes  sweet.  Haemoptysis,  hectic  and 
*  coUiq native  diarrhuea^ 

Head. — Weight  on  vertex;  aching  mtd  btitning  in 
temples  and  abmfe  eyes.     Crushing  feeling  on  vertex, 

Eyes.^ — Ciliary  neuralgia;  worse  any  attempt  to 
use  eyes.  Lachrymation.  Cannot  bear  light.  Head- 
ache; involv^ing  nerves  going  to  eye. 

Female. —  Fain  in  milk  ducts;  itUulurable  between 
nursitig.     Pain  in  nipples. 

Ch^Bt, ^-Sticking,  pain  through  right  breast  near 
sternufn,  exteftding  to  back  near  shoulders.  Dyspnoea, 
and  contiiHious  cough  early  in  morning.  Cough, 
with  prufuBe  and  fetid  expectoration;  compels  him 
lo  sit  up.     Hoarseness. 

Fever. — Hectic;  profuse  and  debihtating  perspi- 
ration ;  intermittent*  with  paiti  in  arms.  Desire  for 
acids. 

Extremities.^ — Tired  feeling  when  vffaWm^- 


1 


50a      PHELLANDRIUM^^PMOSPHORICtrW    AClDUM. 

Relatioiiship,^-CorQpare:  Con^;  Phyt,;  SiL;  AmI 
iod.;  Myosotis  arvensis  (phthtsiSj  with  copious  puru- 
lent sputa,  emaciation,  and  night  sweats). 

Dose,— Tincture,  to  sixth  potency.  In  phthisis 
not  below  the  sixth, 

PHOSPHORICUM    ACIDUM. 

(Phosphoric  Acid.) 

The  common  acid  debility  is  very  marlced  in  this 
remedy j  producing  a  nervous  exhaustion.  A/rKTiil 
debility  first ;  later  physical.  A  congenial  soil  for  the 
action  of  Phos,  acid  is  found  in  young  people  who 
grow  rapidly  and  who  are  overtaxed  mentally  or 
physically.  Whenever  the  system  has  been  ex- 
posed to  the  ravages  of  acute  disease^  excesses^  grici 
loss  of  vital  fluids,  we  obtain  conditions  calling  for 
it.  Inflammation  of  bones.  Neurosis  in  stump- 
after  amputation.     Haemorrhages  in  typhoid. 

Mind. — Listless.     Impaired   memory.  [Aftfli^ ) 

Apaiketic,  indifferenL  Cannot  collect  his  thoughts 
or  find  the  right  word.  Difficult  comprehension. 
Effects  of  grief  and  mental  shock.  Delirium,  with 
great  stupefaction.     Settled  despair. 

Head. — Heavy-  worse,  shaking  or  noise.  Cmsh- 
ing  headache.  Pressure  on  top.  Hair  gray  early  in 
life;  falls  out.  Dull  headache  after  coition;  front 
eye-stram.     [Nat.  mj 

Eyes. — Blue  rings  around.  Lids  inflamed  airf 
cold.  Pupils  dilated.  Glassy  appearance.  FeeJ 
too  large.  Amblyopia  in  masturbators.  Gplic 
nerves  seem  torpid. 

Ears. — Roaring,  with  difficuU  hearing* 

Hose. — Bleeding.     Bores  ^ngers  into  nose. 


Id 


PMOSFHORtCU«    ACIDUM.  5^5 

Houih.-— Lips  dr>%  cracked.  Bleeding  giuns;  re- 
ract  from  leeth-  Tongue  swollen,  dry*  with  ^nscid, 
'rothy  mucus.     Teeth  feel  cold. 

Face. — Plate,  earthy;  feeUng  of  tension  as  from 
dried  albumen.  Sensation  of  coldness  of  one  side  of 
face. 

Stompcli, — Cra%*es  juicy  things.  Sour  risings. 
, Nausea.  Sympt<mts  foiimi'ing  sour  food  and  drtnk. 
Pressure  as  from  a  weight,  \\4th  sleepiness  after  e-at- 
ling.     [Fcl.  tatiri.] 

Abdomen. — Distention  and  fermentation  in  bow- 
els.    Enlarged  spleen.     [Ccanoth] 

Stool, — Diarrhoea*  n^ite,  watery*  iiivoluntary» 
painhss,  with  much  flatus:  not  specially  exhausting, 

0rme* — Frequent*  profuse*  watery,  milky >  Dia- 
beics.  Micturition  preceded  by  anxiety  and  followed 
by  burning.      Frequent  urination  at  Might  • 

Male.- — Emissions  at  night  and  at  stool.  Seminal 
vesiculitis.  [OxaL  acid]  Sexual  power  deficient; 
testicles  tender  and  swollen.  Parts  relax  during 
embrace  >  [A' m:V  ]  Prostatorrhoea,  even  when  pass- 
ing a  soft  stool.  Eczema  of  scrotum  CEdema  of 
prepuce,  and  swollen  glans-|>enis.  Herpes  pre- 
put  talis,     Sycotic  excrescences.     [Thuja.] 

Female. — Menses  too  early  and  profuse*  with  pain 
in  liver.  Itching;  yellow  leucorrhf:ea  after  menses. 
Milk  scanty*  health  deteriorated  from  nursing. 

Respiratory. — Chest  troubles  develop  after  brain- 
fag. Hoarseness.  Dry  cough  from  tickling  ia 
chest.  Salty  expectoration,  Diflicult  respiration* 
Weak  feeling  in  chest  from  talking.     [Slann] 

Heart. — Palpitation    in    children   Nvbo    S^o^    ^ 


I 


504  PHOSPHORICUM   ACIDUM PHOSPHORUS. 

fast;  after  grief,  self -abuse.  Pulse  irregular,  inter- 
mittent. 

Back. — Boring  pain  between  scapulae.  Pain  in 
back  and  limbs,  as  if  beaten. 

Extremities. — Weak.  Tearing  pains  in  joints, 
bones,  and  periosteum.  Cramps  in  upper  arms  and 
wrists.  Great  debility.  Pains  at  night,  as  if  bones 
were  scraped.  Stumbles  easily  and  makes  missteps. 
Itching  between  fingers  or  in  folds  of  joints. 

Skin. — Pimples,  acne,  blood-boils.  Ulcers,  with 
very  offensive  pus.  Biuning  red  rash.  Formica- 
tion in  various  parts.  Falling  out  of  the  hair.  [iVa/. 
miir.;  Selen.]     Tendency  to  abscesses  after  fevers. 

Sleep. — Somnolency.  Lascivious  dreams,  with 
emissions. 

Fever. — Chilliness.  Profuse  sweat  during  night 
and  morning.  Low  types  of  fever,  with  dull  com- 
prehension and  stupor. 

Modalities. — Better,  from  keeping  warm.  Worse, 
exertion,  from  being  talked  to;  loss  of  vital  fluids; 
sexual  excesses. 

Relationship. — Compare:  China;  Niix;  Pic.  ac; 
Lactic  ac;  Phos. 

Antidote:  Coffca. 

Dose. — First  potency. 

PHOSPHORUS. 

(Phosphorus.) 

Tall,  slender  persons,  weakened  by  loss  of  animal 
fluids,  with  great  nervous  debility,  emaciation,  ama- 
tive tendencies,  seem  to  be  under  the  special  influ- 
ence of  Phosphorus.       Polyc>'thaemia.       Blood  e.\- 


PTinspttDRtrs. 


5^5 


^vasatiDns,  fatty  degenerations,  caries,  are  patho-  ' 
Dgical  stateji  often  calling  for  Phosphorus,  Mus- 
clar pset» do- hypertrophy-  neuritis.  Inflammation 
|f  the  respiratory  tract.  Paralytic  s>Tnptoms  Ul 
iffects  of  Iodine  and  excessive  use  of  salt;  worse^ 
lying  on  left  side.  Tertiary  syphilis,  skin  lesions » 
iiid  nervous  debility.     Scurtn/,  i 

t  Mmd^'^-Great  lowness  of  spirits.       Easily  vexed. 
PpikrfulQe.ss,  as  if  something  were  creeping  out  of 
ivery  corner.     Clairvoyant  state.     Great  tendency 
bo    start.     Over-sensitive  to   external   impressions. 
Loss  of  memory.     Paralysis  of  the  insane.     Ecstasy.       | 
bread  of  death  when  alone.     Brain  feels  tired.     In- 
lanity,  with  an  exaggerated  idea  of  one's  own  im- 
portance. I 
I    Head. — Vertigo  of  the  aged,  after  rising.      [Bry.]       1 
meat  comes  up  from  spine.     Neuralgia;  parts  must 
be  kept  warm.     Burning  pains.     Chronic  congestion 
if  head.      Brain-fag,  with  coldness  of  occiput.     Ver- 
pgo,    with    fain tn ess.     Skin   of  forehead    feels   too       i 
light.      Itching  of  scalp,  dandruff;  falling  out  of  hair 
m  large  bunches. 

f  Eyes, — Cataract.  Sensation  as  if  everything  were 
po^-'ered  with  a  mist  or  veil,  or  something  pulled 
tightly  over  eyes.  Black  points  see  in  to  float  be- 
pre  the  eyes.  Patient  sees  better  by  shading  eyes 
pitJi  hand.  Green  halo  appears  about  the  candh- 
Ught.  [Osmium.]  Letters  appear  red.  Atrophy  of 
kptic  nerve  CEdema  of  lida  and  about  eyes.  Par- 
tial loss  of  vision  from  abuse  of  tobacco,  [ATiaJ 
Pain  in  orbital  bones.  Paresis  of  extTinsic  muscles 
piplopia*  dutt  to  deviation  of  the  visual  axis.  Amau- 
tosis  from  sexual  excess,  (ii^nconui- 
I  M^m.— Hearing    difficult,     especmlly    ^    \\^XECva.^ 


^0  PHOSPHORrS. 

voice.       R«^-«4^boing  of  soiukU,     lC%]«5l,]     DuUness 
of  bearing  after  typhoid. 

If 099, — Fan *1ike  motion  of  nostrils.  [  Lyr.}  Bleed* 
ing;  tp'tst<ixis  insi^ad  of  menses.  (H'er-sensitivc 
smell.  [CafhcL  ac.;  Af'tAjr.]  Periostitis  of  n^sal 
bones.  Foul  imaginaTy  odors,  [.-Iwr.J  Chronic  ca- 
tarrh, with  sinaU  hiemorriiages;  handl^riGhief  is  al- 
ways bloody.     Poly ^;  i4*iedmg  easily.  lCaic.;S^m£] 

Face. — Pafc,  sickly  complexion:  blue  rings  tmder 
e\^es.  Hippoeratic  countenance.  Tearing  pain  in 
facial  bones;  circumsorib^i  redness.  Swfiitmg  amd 
tucT'Osis  of  Imt^tr  jaw.     [Amf^kislkma.] 

Motith^^ — Swelled  and  easily  bleeding  gtims.  ul- 
cerated. Toothache  after  washing  clothes.  Totigiie 
d  r y ,  whi  te  V  not  t  hictl y  coa  ted .  X  urging  sore  mouth . 
Burning  in  oEfsophagus.  Eh^^css  in  pharynx  and 
fauces.     Tktrsf  f&f  tmy  cold  wwl^. 

Stomach. — Hunger  soon  after  eating.  Sour  taste 
iknd  sour  enicta lions  after  every  meal.  Belchio^ 
large  quantities  of  wind  after  eating.  Thr^/ms  mp 
imgesta  by  the  mouihfids.  \-omitmg;  uui^  is  tkrtmm 
Mff  as  soiCfH  as  it  gfts  warm  rit  the  stmmifk  Cardiac 
opening  seems  contracted,  too  narrow;  the  food 
scarcely  swallowed  comes  up  again.  [Brj.;  Alattt] 
Fain  in  stomach :  relieved  by  cold  food,  ices.  Region 
of  stomach  painful  to  touch  or  on  walking.  In^m- 
mation  of  stomach,  with  burning  esc  tending  to  throat 
and  bowels.     Bad  effect  t^f  toeing  iiX^  much  salL 

Abdomen. — ^Feels  cold.  (Caff J  Sharp,  cutting 
pains.  .4  very  u^eak,  empty,  gtme  Sirtis^f0n  felt  in 
whole  abdominal  cavity.  Liver  congested.  Acute 
hepatitis.  Fatty  degeneration.  Jaundi<»,  Fto> 
Civstic  disease.     Large  yeVkrw  ^poX^  ov^  -^kn^gs^Bti^x. 


U — Long,  -narrow,  hard^  hke  a  dog's*     Diili- 

U>  cipeL     Desire  for  stool  on  lying  otj  left  side. 

IS   and    l^rge   debiltiuting   diarrhcBa.     Green 

"with  gmins  like  sago.     Involuntary;  seems 

anus    remained   open.      Greal  n*eakness   after 

Discharge  of  blood  from  rectum  during  stooL 

t. — HaEtnatwria.  especially  in  acute  Bright 's 

iCanth.]     Turbid,   brown,   with   red  sedi- 

lie. — Lajck  of  power.     IrrgststibU  desire:  in  vol- 
iry  emi^ions,  with  lascivious  dreams. 

i,- — Metritis  Chlorosis.  Phlebitis.  Fis- 
Iracks  after  mammary  abscess.  Slight  haem- 
fnym  uterus  betw^n  periods.  Menses  too 
and  scanty — not  profuse,  bui  iast  |£?d  t€mg^ 
before  menses.  Stitching  pain  in  mamm^. 
foea  profuse^  smarting,  corrosive,  instead  of 
[Cc>cc;  Graph  :  Mux  m.;  Sep\  Amenor- 
with  vicarioiis  menstruation.  [Bry.}  Sup- 
Of  fimmfmr  [H^^p.;  Phyt  :  Sii.;  Sulpk.J 
ticirmng,  watery.  oflfcnKive  discharTge.  NyTTiphoma- 
m.     [Camp&  ;  CanUt.;  Lath.;  Fiat.;   Vetat} 

Kespiratory^^Hoarseness;  woree  e%^entngs.  Lar- 
ymf  piry  pami*U.  Clergyman's  sore  throat ;  violent 
tidefing  in  larynx  while  speakings.  Aphonia^  wor^e 
cftgoilig^  with  rawness.  Cantuft  talk  on  accm^va  of 
ptim  mt  larjTHS*  Cough  from  tickling  in  throat; 
want^  ccid  air,  readings  laughing,  tatking.  Hard, 
iff,  ti^t,  fucking  cough.  Congest  ion  of  Ittn^gs, 
ti^rtnesfi  across  chest ;  great  ftmght  on  ckest.  Sharp 
UlrdMni  in  chest;  respiration  quukened,  oppressed, 
M^  kttMi  iM  ckt^si.  Pneumonia,  with  oppression; 
•we,  lyiMfi  &n  ieft  side.  Whole  body  trembUs  with 
topgh.     Sf^t^  rusty,    blood -coloredi   or   piir^tesX^ 


50S  PHOSPHORUS. 

Tuberculosis  in  tall,  rapidly -growing  yotuig  people 
Repeated  hcemoptysis,     [Acal,] 

Heart. — Violent  palpitation,  with  anxiety,  while 
lying  on  left  side.     Pulse  rapid,  small,  and  ^oft. 

Back,— Burning  in  back;  pain  as  if  broken.  /W 
between  the  shouider-bladss.     Weak  spine. 

ExtTenoi ties, —Ascending  sensoty  and  motor  pa- 
ralysis from  ends  of  iingers  and  toes.  Stitches  in 
elbow  andshoulder-joints.  B  um  ing  of  feet .  W  eak- 
ness  and  trembling  from  every  exertion.  Can 
scarcely  hold  anything^  with  his  hands.  Tibia  in- 
Oamed  and  becomes  necrosed*  Arms  and  hands 
hecomi^  nttmb.     Can  lie  only  on  right  side. 

Sleep, — Great  drowsiness,  especially  after  meals 
Coma  vigih  Sleeplessness  in  old  people.  Vivid 
dreams.  Laiscivious  dreams.  Goes  to  sleep  late 
and  awakens  weak.  Short  naps  and  frequent  wak- 
ings. 

Fever, — Chilly  every  evening.  Cold  knees  At 
night.  Adynamic^  w^h  lack  of  ihirsi,  but  unnatural 
hunger.  Hectic ,  with  small ,  quick  pulse;  viscid 
night -sweats.  Stupid  delirium.  Profuse  peispiia- 
tion. 

Skin. — Wounds  bleed  very  mtich,  even  if  stnalli 
they  heal  and  break  out  again.  Jaundice,  Littk 
ulcers  outride  of  large  ones.  Petechias,  Ecchymosis 
Purpura  h hemorrhagica*     Scurvy^ 

Modalities, — Worse,  change  of  weather^  from  get- 
ting wet  in  hot  weather,  evening,  lying  on  left  of 
painful  side,  during  a  thunder-storm,  asceodiftg 
stairs.  Betier,  in  dark,  lying  on  right  side.  coJd 
food. 

Relationship* — Complementary:  Ars.:  C^pa. 


PHOSPHORUS PHYSOSTIGMA,  509 

Incompatible :  Caust. 

Compare:  Phosphor ous^  hydrogenatu$  (crumbling 
teeth ;  hypertesthesia ;  locomotor  ataxia) ;  Amphis- 
bcena  (right  jaw  swollen  and  painful);  Cole;  Cktn. 
AnttfTt.;  Sep,;  Lye;  Sulpk. 

Antidote:  ATwic.  Phos.  antidotes  the  nausea  and 
vomiting  of  chloroform. 

Dose. — ^Third  to  thirtieth  potency. 

PHYSOSTIGBIA. 
(Calabar  Bean.) 

This  remedy  and  its  active  principle.  Eserine^  form 
a  valuable  addition  to  Materia  Medica.  Spinal  irri- 
tation, loss  of  motility,  prostration,  with  very  sen- 
sitive vertebrae.  Fibrillary  tremors.  Rigidity  of 
muscles;  paralysis.  Has  a  specific  relation  to  the 
eye*  Meningeal  irritation,  with  rigidity  of  muscles. 
Tetanus  and  trismus,  Eserine  is  used  locally  to 
produce  contraction  of  pupiL 

Head. ^Constant  pain  on  top;  vertigo,  with  con- 
strictive feeling  of  head..  Pain  over  orbits;  cannot 
bear  to  raise  eyelids.  Cerebro-spinal  meningitis ;  gen- 
eral tetanic  rigidity*  Spastic  conditions  of  the  face- 
muscleSn 

Eyes.— Night-blindness  [Opposite:  Bothrops]-,  pho- 
tophobia: contraction  of  pupils;  twilching  of  ocular 
m  itscles .  Lagophth  aim  us .  M  uscse  volita  n  tes ;  flash  - 
es  of  light;  partial  blindness.  Glaucoma;  paresis  of 
accommodation;  astigmatism*  Profuse  lachryma- 
tion.  Spasm  of  ciliary  mttscle,  with  irritability  after 
usiNg  eyes.  Increasing  myopia.  Post -diphtheritic 
paralysis  of  eye  and  accommodation  muscles. 

Hose.^ — Fluent   coryza;    burning  and   tingliti^  ^ 


i 


510  PHYSOSTIGMA. 

nostrils ;  nose  stuffed  and  hot .    Fevar-blisters  around 
nostrils. 

l&cyuih.^-Tongtte  feels  sore  on  tip.  Feeling  as  if  a 
ball  came  up  throat. 

Throat. — Strong  heart -pulsation  felt  in  throat. 

Stomach. — Great  pain  immediately  after  eating 
Sensitive  to  pressure  in  epigastric  region.  Pain  ex- 
tends into  chest  and  down  arms.  Gastralgia ;  chron- 
ic constipation. 

Female. — Irregular  menstruation,  with  palpita- 
tion.    Congestion  of  eyes*     Rigid  muscles. 

Heart. — Feeble  pulse;  palpitation;  spasmodic  ac- 
tion, with  feeling  of  pulsation  through  the  whole 
body.  Beats  of  heart  distinctly  perceptible  in  chest 
and  head.  Fhaiering  of  heart  fdi  in  throat.  Fatty 
degeneration.     {Cup.  ac.] 

Extremities.— 'Pa t«  in  right  popliteal  space.  Burn- 
ing and  tingling  in  spine.  Hands  and  feet  numb- 
Sudden  jerking  of  limbs  on  going  to  sleep.  Tetanic 
convulsions.  Locomotor  ataxia.  Numbness  in  par- 
alyzed parts,  crampy  pains  in  limbs. 

Relationship. ^Compare:  Eser-ine— the  alkaloid  of 
Pbysostigma — (slows  action  of  heart  and  increases 
arterial  tension;  In  ciliary  spasm  and  astigmatistn 
due  to  irregular  action  of  ciliary  muscles;  blepharo- 
spasm; pHpiis  contracted:  it  will  contract  the  pupil 
paralyzed  by  Belladonna^  but  not  that  produced  by 
Gelsemium,  Twitching  of  lids,  soreness  of  eyeballs» 
blurring  of  vision  after  using  eyes,  pains  around 
eyes  and  head), 

Eserin  Salicylate  (po st -opera ti%'e  intestinal  pa* 
ralysis ;  meteorism .     llypodermically  i  -60-1  -40  gf-}^ 


p 


PHYSOSTIGMA — -PHYTOLACCA.  5  I  1 

Comparfc  also :  Mm  scar-in;  Caniunif-  Cttrara;  Gels.; 
TkebmnufH  (tetanus) . 

Antidote:  Atropia. 

I>ose. — ^Third  potency.  The  neutral  sulphate  of 
Eserine  is  instilled  into  the  eye  from  one-half  to  four 
grains  to  one  ounce  distilled  water,  to  induce  con- 
iracHon  of  pitpil  in  mydriasij5  or  injuries  to  the  eye^ 
iritis,  corneal  ulcers,  etc. 


PHYTOLACCA. 

(Poke-root,) 

Pre-eminently  a  glandular  remedy.  Has  a  power- 
ful effect  on  fibrous  and  osseous  tissues.  Syphilitic 
bone  pains;  chronic  rheumatism.  Sore  throat, 
quinsy,  and  diphtheria^  Tetanus  and  opisthotonos. 
Decrease  of  weight.     Retarded  dentition. 

Head, — Vertigo  on  rising.  Brtiin  feels  sore.  Pain 
from  frontal  region  backward.  Pressure  In  temples 
and  over  eyes.  Rheumatism  of  scalp;  pains  come 
on  every  time  it  rains.     Scaly  eruption  on  scalp. 

Eyes. — Smarting.  Feeling  of  sand  under  lids. 
Tarsal  edges  feel  hot.  Fistula  lachrymalis,  [Fluor, 
ac]      Abnndafji  lachrymntion,  hot. 

NoBe,^^Corysia ;  flow  of  mucus  from  ofte  nostril  afid 
from  posterior  nares. 

Mouth. — Teething  children  with  irresistible  desire 
to  bite  the  teeth  togetJier.  Teeth  clenched ;  lower  Up 
drawn  dowTi;  lips  everted;  jaws  firmly  set;  chin 
drawTi  down  on  sternum.  Tongue  feels  rough  and 
scalded ;  blisters  on  side.     Much  stringy  saliva. 

Throat. — Mtjch  pain  at  root  of  tongue ;  soft  palate 
find  tonsils  swollen.     Sensation  of  a  lump  in  throat. 


512  PHYTOLACCA. 

[Eldl;  Loch.]  Throat  feels  rot^gk,  narmw^  hoi.  Tm- 
sils  sufollen,  especially  right;  dark-red  appearance. 
Shooting  pain  Into  ears  on  swallowing.  Pseudo- 
membranous exudation,  grayish  white;  tliick,  tena- 
cious, yellowish  mucus,  difficult  to  dislodge.  Can- 
not swallow  anything  hot.  [Lach,]  Tension  aiui 
pressure  in  parotid  gland.  Ulcerated  sore  throat 
and  diphtheria;  throat  feels  very  hot;  pain  at  root  oj 
tongue  extending  to  ear.  Uvula  large^  dropsical 
Quinsy;  tonsils  and  fauces  swoilen,  with  huming 
pain;  cannot  swallow  even  water.  Mumps.  Fd- 
lictilar  pharyngitis. 

Abdomen, — Colic  at  naveL  Burning,  griping 
pains.  Bruised  feeling  through  epigastrium  and 
abdomen.  Constipation  of  the  aged  and  those  with 
weak  heart.      Bleeding  from  rectum. 

Urine. — Scanty,  suppressed,  with  pain  in  kidmy 
region.     Nephritis, 

Female. — Mastitis;  mamma  hard  and  very  sensi- 
tive. Mammary  absces^s.  When  child  nurses,  pain 
goes  from  nipple  all  over  body.  Cracks  and  small 
ulcers  about  nipples.  Irritable  breasts  before  and 
during  menses.  Galactorrhoea.  [Calc]  Ment^es  tw 
cnpioiis  and  frequent.  Ovarian  neuralgia  of  right 
side, 

Male.— Painful  induration  of  testicles.  Shoctini 
along  perimttm  to  penis. 

Heart, — Feeling  as  if  heart  leaped  into  throat. 
{Pod.]  Shock  of  pain  in  cardiac  region  alternatinf 
with  pain  in  right  arm. 

Respiratory. — Difficult  breathing;  dry  hackii5|K 
tiekHng  cough;  worse  at  night  [Mentha;  B^Uad\ 
Aching  pains  in  chest,  through  mid-sternum  with 
cough,     Rheumatism  of  lower  intercostals. 


PHYT01.ACCA PICHI.  ,     513 

K  Back. — Aching  pains  m  lumbar  region;  pains 
^streaking  up  and  down  spine  into  sacrum.  Weak- 
tness  and  dull  pain  in  region  of  kidneys.     Back  stiff, 

©specially  in  morning  on  rising  and  dnring  damp 

weather. 

IExtretnities.- — Shooting  pa.in  in  right  shoulder, 
with  stiffness  and  inability  to  raise  arm.  (See 
I  Heart.)  Rheumatic  pains;  worse  in  morning. 
Pains  fly  like  electric  shocks,  sliooting,  lancinating, 
shifting  rapidly.  [Pi^ls.;  Kait  bick.]  Pain  in  un- 
der side  of  thighs.  Syphilitic  sciatica.  Aching  of 
^hceh;  relieved  by  elevating  feet, 
\  Fever.— ^High  fever,  alternating  with  chilliness 
land  great  prostration. 

I  Skin.— Itches.  Disposition  to  boils,  and  when 
fsloughing  occurs.  Squamous  eruptions.  Syphi- 
;litic  erupt  ions.  Swelling  and  induration  of  glands. 
^Venereal  buboes.     Scarlatina -like  rash. 

II  ModaUties,— Worse,  when  it  rains,  exposure  to 
^damp,  cold  weather,  night,  pressure,  motion, 

Il     Relationship. — Compare;  Tincture  of   Phytolacca 

iBerry  (sore  throats  and  in  the  treatment  of  obe- 

isity);  Bry.:  RhiS;  Kali  hyd,;  Mt^rc;  San^.;  Arum 

Wiph^ 

\     Dose. — Tincture,  to  third  potency-  ^ 

Bb  PIC  HI,  ^1 

^^  (Fabiana.)  ^* 

I     This  remedy  is  txseful  in  the  uric  acid  diathesis, 
k^ystitis,  gonorrhcea,  prostatitis,  especially  dysuria  and 
[urinary  difficulties,  post-gonorrhoeal. 
[     Urine.— Painful,  much  mucus  and  pus.     Vesical 


! 

4 


1 


514  PICHl PICHiCOM    ACIDUM. 

tenesmus  and  burning  after  urinating.  Excoriating 
urine  and  urinary  calculi-  Relieves  concentric  hy- 
pertrophy of  bladder. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Chimapk-;  Merc,  cor; 
Cantk.;  Cann.  s. 

Dose. — Mother    tincture,    ten-    to    twentj^-drop 


PICRICUM    ACIDUM. 
(Picric  Acid.) 

Causes  degeneration  of  the  spinal  cord,  with  par- 
alysis. Brain-fag  and  sexual  excitement.  Neuras- 
thenia-  [Oxal.  ac^  Muscular  debility.  Writers' 
palsy.  Progressive  pernicious  anemia.  In  a  one- 
per-<:ent.  solution^  applied  on  lint,  is  the  t?est  appli- 
cation for  burns  until  granulations  begin  to  form. 

Mind,— Lack  of  will-power;  disincHned  to  work. 

Head. — Head  pains;  relieved  by  bandaging  tigkHy 
Occipital  pain;  worse,  slightest  mental  exertion. 
Vertigo  and  noises  in  ear.  Boils  mitkin  ears  and 
back  of  neck.  After  prolonged  m^ental  strain,  with 
anxiety  and  dread  of  failure  at  examination. 

Stomach. — Bitter  taste.     Aversion  to  food, 

Male, — Emissions  profuse,  foLlowed  by  great  ex* 
haustion,  without  sensual  dreams.  Priapism;  saty- 
riasis. Hard  erections,  with  pain  in  testicles  and  up 
cord. 

Female. — ^Pain  in  left  ovary,  and  leucorrhoea  be- 
fore  menstruation.     Pruritus  of  vulva. 

Extremities . — Burning  along  spine.  Great  Wiok- 
ness.  Tired,  heavy  feeling  ail  over  body,  ^peciidly 
Hf7$bs;  marse^  exertion.     Feet  cold. 


PICRICUM    AClDtJM PILOCARPUS.  515 

JCodaUtiee. — Wqts^,  least  exertion,  especially  men- 
tal, after  sleep,  wet  weather.  Better ,  from  cold  air, 
cold  water,  tight  pressure. 

HelatioijBliip, — Compare:  0%aL  ac;  Gels.;  Phosr, 
SU.;  Arg.  nit.  Compare ;  Zinc,  pic.  (facial  palsy  and 
paralysis  agitans) ;  Fsrr.  p4c.  (buzzing  in  ears,  deaf- 
ness; chronic  gout;  epistaxis;  prostatic  troubles); 
Cdc,  pic.  (boils  in  and  around  ears). 

Dose, — Third  potency. 

PILOCARPUS. 
(Jaborandi*) 

Is  homoeopathic  to  abfujtmai  sweats,  and  has 
achieved  great  success  in  nighl-sweais  of  consump- 
tives. Exophthalmic  goitre,  with  increased  heart's 
action  and  pulsation  of  arteries;  tremor  and  ner- 
vousness: heat  and  sweating:  bronchial  irritation, 
A  valuable  remedy  in  limiting  the  duration  of 
mumpG. 

£yea, — Pupils  contracted;  do  not  react  to  light, 
Staring  eyes.  Near-sighted.  Vertigo  and  nausea 
after  using  eyes.  White  spots  before  eyes.  Smart-' 
dn^  pain  in  eyes  Lids  twitch.  Atrophic  choroidi- 
tis. Spasm  of  the  accommodation  while  reading; 
;rision  suddenly  becomes  blurred. 

Moudi. — Saliva  viscid ^  Uke  white  of  egg.  Dry* 
Jiess.     Free  salivation,  with  profuse  sweating. 

Stomach,— Nausea ;  vomiting;  pressure  and  pain 
IK  stomach. 

Ufumry. — Scanty;  pain  over  pubes  with  mt^ch 
mrging. 

Abdomen. — Diarrhcea,  painless;  during  day,  -wvtk 
$ttfJi£ti  /ace  aj3c?  profuse  swfsatt 


5l6  PILOCARPUS— ^PIN us    SYLVESTRIS* 

Heart.^Pulse  irregular,  dicrotic.  Oppression  of 
chest.  Cyanosis;  colkpse.  Nervous  cardiac  affec- 
tions. 

Respiratory. — Bronchial  mticons  membrane  m- 
flamed.  Much  inclination  to  cough  and  difficult 
breathing.  CEdema  of  lungs.  Foamy  sputa.  Pro- 
fuse thin,  serous  expectoration.  Slow,  sighing  res- 
piration. 

Sl^in.^-Excessive  perspiration  froftt  all  parts  of  ikt 
body. 

Relationship. — Comparer  Afnyl.  nit.;  Atrop.;  Pky- 
SOS.;  Lycopus. 

Dose. — Third  potency. 

Non-Homoeopathic  Uses. — Chiefly  as  a  powerfol 
and  rapid  diaphoretic.  It  is  of  most  service  in  renal 
disease,  especially  with  uremia,  eliminating  hoth 
water  and  urea,  Scarlatinal  dropsy.  Contra-indi- 
cated in  heart  failure,  and  in  posi-puerperal  ur&ma. 
Dose:  One-eighth  to  one-fourth  grain  hypodertal- 
cally.  Atropin  is  the  antagonist  to  Pilocarpin  in 
dose  of  one  one-hundredth  grain  for  one-sixth  of 
Pilocarpin. 

FINDS    SYLVESTRIS. 

(Scotch  PineO 

Has  been  found  of  real  use  in  the  treatment  of 
weak  ankles  and  tardiness  in  walking  in  scrofulous 
and  rachitic  children.  Kmacjation  of  lower  extrem- 
titeSn 

Extremities ♦ — Stiffness;  gouty  pain  in  all  jointd, 
especially  finger-joints.     Cramps  in  calves. 

Skin.— Nettle-rash.  Itching  all  over,  especially 
3 bout  ioints  and  on  abdomen.     Nose  itches,  # 


r 


PIKL^S    SVL.— PIPER, — PlX    LlQ,  517 


Relationship. — Compare ;  Pinus  LamberHna—Sn- 
gar  Pine — (constipation,  amenorrhoea,  abortion). 
Also  J  Abies  can^;  Abies  nig. 

t. — Tincture,  to  third  potency. 
PIPIR    METHYSTICUM.  V 

(Kawa-Kawa.)  ^^M 

Urinary  symptoms  have  been  verified,  ^U 

Hind. — Very  sensitive.  Exaltation  of  mind.  Ame- 
lioration of  pains  for  a  limt'  by  diverting  attention. 
Restless  desire  to  change  position. 

Urini!, — Increased.  Burning  during  micturition^ 
gonorrhoea,  and  gleet.     Cystitis,      Ckordee. 

Skin, — Scaly.  Fall  of  scales  leaves  white  spots, 
which  often   ulcerate.      Leprosy*      [Ckaulmugra.] 

ExtTomities*— Pain  in  right  arm.  Hands  feel  par- 
alyzed.     Pain  in  thumb-joint. 

Relationship* ^-Compare:  Piper  nigrum  (burning 
sensations  and  pressure ;  great  fiow  of  milk ;  dysuria). 

"Dose. — Tincture,  and  lower  potencies. 

Hf  FIX    LIQUIDA.  M 

^^^K  (Pme-Tar.)  i9 

^Tt^kin  symptoms  most  important  Scaly  erup- 
tions. Much  itching.  Constant  vomiting  of  blackish 
fluid,  with  pain  in  stomack^    Alopecia,    [Fluor.  ac\] 

Chest, — Pain  at  a  spot  aboiU  the  third  left  costal 
cartilage  where  it  joins  th4  rib.     Rales  through  the 

I  luQgs,  and  muco-purulent  sputum;  offensive  odor  and 
taste.      Chronic  bronchitis, 


Si8 


FIX    LIQUID  A- — PL  ANT  AGO    MAJOR, 


Skill. — Craclfed;     itches    intolerably;     bleeds    on 
scratching.     Eruption  on  back  &f  hands. 
Bose, — First  to  sixth  potency » 

PLAMTAGO    MAJOR. 

(PlatLtam.) 

Has  considerable  clinical  reputation  in  the  " 
ment  of  earache,  toothache,  and  enuresis.  Sharp 
pain  in  eyes^  reflex  from  decayed  teeth  or  inflamma- 
tion of  middle  ear.  Eyeball  very  tender  to  toucJi- 
Pain  plays  between  teeth  and  ears. 

Ears  .^—Hearing  acute;  noise  painful,  StickiTig 
pain  in  ears.  Neuralgic  earache ;  pain  goes  from  tme 
ear  to  ike  other  through  the  head.  Otalgia,  with  tooth 
ache.     Loud  noises  go  through  one. 

Nose. — Sudden  yellowish,  watery  discharg^e. 

Moutb. — Teeth  ache  and  are  sensitive  and  sore  to 
touch.  Swelling  of  cheelts.  Salivation:  teeth  feel 
too  long;  worse,  cold  air  and  contact.  Toothache 
better  while  eating.  Profuse  flow  of  saliva.  Tooth- 
ache, with  reflex  neuralpa  of  eyelids. 

Stool,— Wants  to  defecate;  goes  often,  but  cannot. 
Piles  so  badp  can  hardly  stand.  Diarrhoea,  with 
brown  watery  stools. 

Urine. — Profuse  flow;  noctn/mal  enuresis.  [Rhus 
arotn.;  Canst.] 

Skin,— Itching  and  burning;  papulfe.  Urticaria^ 
chilblains.     [Agar,;    Tavius.]      Potson-oak- 

Relationship.— -Cotnpare :  Kalnt,;  Cham.;  Puis. 

Bose. — Tincture,  and  lower  potencies.  Local  use 
in  toothache  in  hollow  teeth,  otorrhcea^  pruritus^  and 
poisou-oak.     Incised  wounds, 


-■4 


PLATIHA. 

(The  MetaL) 

Is  pre-eminently  a  woman's  remedy  Strong  ten- 
dency to  paralysis,  anaesthesia »  localii^d  numbness 
and  coldness  are  shown. 

Mind. — irresistible  impulse  to  kiU.  Self-exalta- 
tion ;  contempt  for  others.  Arrogant,  proud.  Weary 
of  everything.     Everything  seems  changed. 

Head. — Tense,  pressing  pain,  confined  to  a  small 
spot*  Cramp-like^  squeestTig  pain^  Constriction 
about  fore  bead  and  right  temple. 

Eyes,— 06jVc*j  look  smaller  than  they  are.  Twitch- 
ing ol  lids.  [Agar.]  Eyes  leel  cold,  Cramp-Uke 
pain  in  orbits. 

Ears, — Feels  numb.  Cramp4ike  twinges.  Roar- 
ing and  mmbling. 

Face, — Prosopalgia,  with  numb  feeling  in  malar 
bones,  as  it  the  parts  were  between  screws.  Pain  at 
root  of  nose,  as  if  squeezed  in  a  vise.  Coldness^ 
creeping,  and  numbrtess  in  whole  right  side  of  face. 
Pains  increase  and  decrease  gradually.     IStann.] 

Stomach,— Fermentation,  much  flatulence;  con- 
siriction;  ravenous  hunger;  persistent  nausea,  with 
anxiety  and  weakness. 

Abdomen, — Painters'  colic.  Pain  in  umbilical  re- 
gion, extending  through  to  back.  Pressing  and 
bearing  down  in  abdomen,  extending  into  pelvis. 

Stook — Retarded;  faeces  scanty;  evacuated  with 
difficulty.  Adheres  to  rectum,  Uke  soft  clay.  Sticky 
stool.  Constipation  of  travelers  who  are  constantly 
changing  food  and  water.     Stool  as  if  burnt. 


i 


J3g  FLATINA — ^PLUHBUU    lODATUM. 

Female.  —  Parts  hypersensitive.  [Carba  veg.; 
Kreos^]  Tingling  internally  and  externally.  [Kdi 
brom.;  Orig]  Ovaries  sensitive  and  b\im.  Menses 
too  early,  too  profuse,  dark-clotted  [BelL;  Croc;  So- 
bin.],  with  spasms  and  painful  bearing- down,  chilli- 
ness and  sensitiveness  of  parts*  Nymphomania. 
Excessive  sexual  developmenf;  vaginismus.  ICact.; 
Ign.;  PlbJ]     Pruritus  vulvsc* 

Extremitiei. — Tightness  of  thighs,  as  if  too  tightly 
wrapped.  Numb  and  weary  sensation.  Feel  par* 
alyzed. 

Sleep. — Sleeps  with  legs  far  apart.     [Ckamom^] 

Modalities. — Worie,  sitting  and  standing;  even- 
ing.     Better f  walking. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Stann.:  Voler.:  Scp^ 
Compare,  also:  Platinwm  nuirtatiuum  (this  remtdy 
has  achieved  beneficial  results  after  Iodide  of  Potash 
failed  to  cure  in  syphilitic  affections;  violent  occip- 
ital headaches,  dysphagia »  and  syphilitic  throat  and 
bone  affections) ;  Plat,  mur^  nat.  (polyuria  and  sali- 
vation) ;  Rhodium  (itching  of  anus,  constipation,  and 
piles ;  acute  hearing) ;  Sedum  acre  (sexual  irritability, 
relieves  irritation  of  nerve  centers  and  gives  rest). 

Antidote:  Puis.  Platina  antidotes  the  bad  effects 
of  lead. 

Dose» — ^Third  to  thirtieth  potency.  ^H 

H  PLUMBDM    lODATUM.  ^^^1 

^^  (Iodide  of  Lead.)  ^^^^ 

Has  been  used  empirically  in  various  forms  of  par- 
alysis,  sclerotic  degenerations,  especially  of  spinal 
cord,  atrophies,  arterio -sclerosis,  pellagra.  Indura- 
tions of  mammary  glands,  espedaily  when  a  tendattv 


w 


PLUMBUM    lODATUM— PLUMBUM    METAL. 


521 


to  become  inflamed  appears;  sore  and  painfnL  Indu- 
rations of  great  hardness  and  associated  with  a  very 
dry  skin. 

Relationship. — Compare  :  Arg.  nil,  { painful  mam- 
mary glands,  with  tendency  to  ulcerate,  bleeding  and 
proud  flesh).  Compare ►  also:  Merc,  iod.  fiav,;  Asie- 
rias:  Conium;  Pkytol;  Carb^  an,;  Silu:.] 

Doie. — Third  trituration. 


\ 


I 


PLUMBUM    METALLICUM. 
(Lead.) 


he  great  drug  for  general  sclerotic  conditions: 
hardening  of  tissues  from  sclerotic  processes.  Trem- 
or followed  hy  paralysis.  Progressive  muscular 
atrophy.  Infantile  paralysis.  Locomotor  ataxia. 
Excessive  and  rapid  emaciation.  Bulbar  paralysis. 
Important  in  peripheral  affections.  The  points  of 
attack  for  Plumbum  are  the  neur axons  and  the 
anterior  horns. 

Mind, — Fear  of  being  assassinated.  Quiet  melan- 
choly. Slow  perception;  loss  of  memory;  amnesic 
aphasia.  Hallucinations  and  delusions.  Intellect- 
ual apathy.  Memory  impaired,  [Anac.7  Baryta.] 
Paretic  dementia. 

He&d, — Delirium  alternating  with  ctdic.  Pain  as 
if  a  ball  rose  from  throat  to  braiUn  Hair  very  dry. 
Tinniius.     [Chin^;  NaL  salic.;  Carbon,  stdph.] 

Eyes. — Pupils  contracted.     Yellow.     Optic  nerve 
inflamed.     Intra-ocular  suppurative  inflammation. 
Glaucoma,   especially  if  secondary   to  spinal   cord 
lesion- 
Face. — Pale  and  cachectic.     Yellow,   CQftpae-\i&L^\ 


4 

I 

I 


5a a  PLUMBUM   metallicum. 

cheeks  sunken.     Skin  of  face  greasy^  shiny.      {Nm 
mur.;  Sanic.] 

Mouth, — Gums  swollen,   pale;  distinct  bhte  lin^s 
alang  fnargins  of  gutns*     Tongue  tremulous,  red 
margin. 

Stomach, — Contraction  in  oesophagus  and  stom^ 
ach  ;  pressure  and  tightness,     Gasiralgia. 

Ahdomen, — Excessive  colic,  radiating  to  aii  pafts 
of  body.  Abdominal  wait  feels  drawn  by  a  string  to 
spine*  Pain  causes  desire  to  stretch.  Intussus- 
ception: strangulated  hernia.  Abdomen  retracted. 
Obstructed  flatus,  with  intense  colic. 

Rectum. — Constipation;  stools  hard,  lumpy ^  black, 
witii  urging  and  spasnt  of  anus.  Obstructed  evacua- 
tion from  impaction  of  faeces.     [Plat.] 

Urinary. — Frequent,  ineffectual  tenesmus.  Al- 
buminous ;  low  specific  gravity.  Chronic  interstitial 
nephritis,  with  great  pain  in  abdomen.    Urine  scanty. 

Male. — Loss  of  sexual  power.  Testicles  drawn 
up,  feel  constricted. 

Female.^  Vaginismus.  Indtiration  of  mammary 
glands.  [See  Plumb,  tod.]  Stitches  and  burning 
pains  in  breasts.     [Apis;  Con.;  Carh.  an-;  Sil.] 

Back, — Spinal  cord  sclerosed.  Lightning-Uke 
pains,  especially  in  thighs;  temporarily  better  by 
pressure.     Paralysis  of  lower  extremities. 

Skin.  — ^Yellow ,  dark-br  ow n  liver  spots .  Jaundice. 
Dry.     Dilated  veins  of  forearms  and  legs* 

Extremities, — Pains  in  muscles  of  thighs;  come  in 
paroxysms-  Wrist-drop.  Cramps  in  calves.  Par- 
alysis,    Feet  swollen,     Pain  in  atrophied  limbs  al- 


I         ♦'**m 


PLUMBUM    METALLICUM PODOPHYLLUM.        523 


temates  with  colic.  Loss  of  patellar  refiex.  Hands 
and  feet  cold. 

Modalities,— lyor^e,  at  nighty  motion.  Better ^ 
rubbings  hard  pressure,  physical  exertion.  [/Uittnettn] 

Relationship, — Compare:  Plumb  r  acet.  (painfijl 
cramps  in  paralyzed  limbs;  severe  pain  and  muscu- 
lar  cramps  in  gastric  ulcer ;  locally,  as  an  application 
(non-^homoeopathic)  in  moist  eczema,  one  to  two 
drams  of  the  liquor  plu^mbi  subaceiaHs  to  the  ounce 
of  water;  also  in  pruritus  pudendi,  equal  parts  of  the 
liquor  plumbs  and  glycerin))  Compare:  Alumina; 
Plat,;  Opium;  Podopk.;  Merc;  ThalL  Plectranthus 
( paralysis »  spastic,  spinal  form);  Plumb*  ckromicum 
(convulsions,  with  terrible  pains;  pupils  greatly  di- 
lated; retracted  abdomen);  Plumb,  pkosph.  (loss  of 
sexual  power;  locomotor  ataxia). 

Antidotes:  Plat.;  Alum.;  PetroL 

Dose,-— Third  to  thirtieth  potency* 

PODOPHYLLUM. 

(May-Apple.) 

Is  especially  adapted  to  persons  of  bilious  tem- 
perament who  suflFer  from  gastro-intestinal  derange- 
ments. It  affects  chiefly  the  duodenum,  Hver,  and 
rectum.  Many  troubles  during  pregnancy;  pendu- 
lous abdomen  after  confinement;  prolapsus  uteri; 
painless  cholera  morbus.     Torpidity  of  the  liver. 

Mind. ^Loquacity  and  delirium  from  eating  acid 
fruits.     Depression  of  spirits. 

Head. — Vertigo,  with  tendency  to  fall  forward. 
Headache  p  dull  pressure,  worse  morning,  with  heated 
face  and   bitter  taste,   alternating  with  diarrKcs^. 


5^4  PODOPHYLLUM. 

Rolling  of  head  from  sid€  to  side,  with  moamng 
perspires  on  head  during  sleep. 

Mouth.^-Grinding  the  teeth  at  night;  intensg 
sire  to  press  ike  gums  together.     [Phyli^Li     Difficult 
dentition.      Tongue  broad,  large ,  motsL     Fotd,  putrid 
taste.     Burning  sensation  of  t^yngue. 

Stomach, — Hot  sour  belching;  nausea  and  vom- 
iting. Thirst  for  large  quantities  of  cold  water; 
[Br J'.]  Vomiting  of  hot,  frothy  mucus.  Heartburn 
gagging  or  empty  retching.     Vomiting  of  milk. 

Abdomen, — Distended ;  heat  and  emptiness.    5i 
sation  of  weakness  or  sinking.     Can  he  comfortably 
only  on  stomach.     Liver  region  painful     Rumbling 
and  shifting  of  flatus  along  ascending  colon 

Rectum. — Cholera  infantum  and  morbus,  Di 
rhoea  of  long  standing;  early  in  morning;  diiri\ 
teething,  with  hot,  gUmnng  cheeks  while  being  bathed 
or  washed ;  in  hot  weather  after  acid  fruits.  Green, 
watery ^  fetid,  profuse,  gushing.  Prolapse  of  rectum 
before  or  with  stool.  Constipation;  clay -colored, 
hard,  dry,  difficult.  Constipation  alternating  with 
diarrhoea.     [Ant.  crud.] 

Female. — ^Pain   in   uterus   and   right   ovary, 
shifting    gases    along    ascetiding    colon.     Supprea 
menses,    with    pelvic    tenesmus.     Prolapsus    uteri, 
especially    after    parturition.     Hemorrhoids,    with 
prolapsus  ani  during  pregnancy.     Prolapsus  from 
overlifting  or  straining. 

Extremities. — Pain  between  shoulders,  under 
scapula,  in  loins  and  lumbar  region.     Pain  in  rig] 
inguinal  region :  shoots  down  inner  thigh  to  knee. 

Feven— Chill  at  7  a.  m.,  with  pain  in  hypochoj 


bly 

hed 

een, 

turn 

>red,       I 
with      I 

ss«jH 
4ert,^y^ 


PODOPHYLLUM POLVGOMUM    PUNCTATUM.       525 

dria,  and  kne^s,  ankles,  wrists.     Great  loquacity  dtir- 
ing  fever.     Profuse  sweat. 

Modalities. — Worse,  in  early  morning,  in  hot 
weather,  during  dentition. 

Relationship. — ^Compare:  Aloe;  Chelid^;  Merc; 
Nttx;  Sidph. 

Dobs. — Tincturej  to  sixth  potency.  The  200th 
and  roooth  seem  to  do  good  work  in  cholera  infan- 
tum, when  indicated. 

POLYGONUM    PUNCTATUM. 

(Smar  tweed,) 

Amenorrhcca  in  young  ^rls.     Rectal  pockets. 

Abdomen. — Griping  pain,  with  great  rumbling, 
nausea,  and  liquid  fences.      Flatulent  colic. 

Urinary. — Painful  constriction  at  neck  of  bladider, 
lasting  a  long  time. 

Rectum, — Interior  of  anus  studded  with  itching 
eminences. 

Fem^ftle. — Aching  pains  in  hips  and  loins.  Sensa- 
tion as  if  hips  •were  being  drawn  together.  Sensation 
of  weight  and  tension  within  pelvis.  Shooting  pains 
through  breasts.     Amenorrhoea. 

Relationsliip,— Compare :  Catdoph.;  Puis.;  Sen- 
ecio;  Polygonum  persicafia  (renal  colic  and  calculi; 
gangrene) ;  Polygonum  amculare  (in  material  doses  of 
tincture,  found  useful  in  phthisis  pulmonalis  and  in- 
termittent fever,  and  especially  in  arteriosclerosis. 
[Amman,  vanadtntcum.] 

Doee  * — Tiiic  ture* 


J 


f5a6      POLYPORUS — 'POPUL.    CAU. ^POPUL.    TREM. 
K                 POLYPORUS    PDriCQLA. 
^                            (Pine  Agaric.) 
Useful  in  intermittent  fever,  with  headadie,  yel- 
low tongue,  constant   nausea,  faint nass  at  epigas- 
trium, and  constipation.     Similar  to  its  botanical 
relative,  Polyp,  officinalis,  or  Boletus  laricis,  q.  v, 
POPULUS    CAHDICAHS, 
(Balm  of  Gikad.) 
Seems  to  have  a  remarkable  power  over  acute 
colds,    especially    when    accompanied    by    a    deep, 
hoarse   voice,    or   even   aphonia.     General   insensi- 
bility of  surface  (worse,  back  and  abdomen);  nib* 
bing  and  pounding  borne  without  pain,  and  is  gratt- 
ful  on  account  of  warmth  produced  ^     Finger-ends 
thickened,  homy;  insensible  to  pinching  and  prick- 
ing.    Instantaneous  voice-producer.     [Coca.] 

Head- — Discusses  her  symptoms  with  every  one. 
Hot  head  with  cold  extremities.  Cold  sores  on 
Hps  [  Nat.  mur.].     Tongue  feels  thick  and  numb. 

Respii&tory,— 'Acute  hoarseness.  Throat  and  nos- 
trils burn.  Sits  bent  forward  with  dry  cougb- 
Pharynx  and  larynx  feel  dry,  and  the  voice  w^k 
and  toneless.  Rawness  and  soreness  of  chest  and 
throat.  Cough  of  children  caused  by  naso-pharyu- 
geal  catarrh;  mucus  drops  from  posterior  nares. 
Dose  .^Tincture. 

POPULUS     TREMULQIDES. 

(American  Aspen.) 
The  gastric  and  urinary  symptoms  point  to  its 
usefulness  in  dyspepsia  and  catarrh  of  the  bkddeir, 


1 


POPVL.    TREM.—POTHOS — PRIMULA.  527 

espeeklly  in  old  people «     Good  remedy  in  vesical 
troubles  after  operations  and  in  pregnancy.  Cystitis. 
FuJJness  of  head,  and  sensation  of  heat  of  the  stir 
faces  of  the   body.        Night- sweats.        [Ficroiopcin;\ 
A  parkin] 

Stomach. — Indigestion^  vtfitk  fkUulence  and  acidity. 

Urine. — Severe  tenesmus,  painful,  scalding.  Urine 
contains  mucus  and  pus.  Prostrate  enlarged.  Pain 
behind  pubis  at  end  of  urination. 

Relationship. — ^Comparc:  Nux;  China;  Cornus 
fhf.:  Cannabis;  Can  that  is  ^ 

Dose. — Tincture. 

POTHOS    FCETIDUS. 

(Skunk-Cabbage — Ictodes, ) 

For  asthmatic  complaints;  \^'o^se  from  inhaling 
any  dust,  Hysteria;  erratic  and  spasmodic  symp- 
toms.    Inflation  and  tension  in  the  abdomen. 

Head. — Abseiit-minded*  irritable.  Headache  in 
singh  spots,  with  violent  pulsation  of  temporal  arte- 
fies.  Outward  drawing  from  glabella.  Better  in 
open  air.  [Puis.]  Red  swelling  across  the  bridge 
of  the  nose. 

Respiratory. — Troublesome  respiration,  with  sud- 
den feeling  of  anguish  and  sweat.  Sneezings  w-ith 
pain  in  throat.  Pain  in  chest,  with  diiEcuVt  breath* 
ing.     Asthma;  relieved  by  stooL 

Dose.^ — Tincture  and  lower  potencies* 

»  PRIMULA    VERIS. 

(Primrose.) 
Cerebral   congestions,    with    neiiralgia^   migraine, 
rheumatic  Bod  gouty  paiiiB, 


1 


528        PRIMULA  VERTS — -PRDPYLAMlN- 

Head, — Sensation  of  a  hand  around  head ;  cannot 

tlceep  hat  on.     [CarboL  ac.]     Skiti  of  forehead  tense 

*Pear  of  falUng  when  standing  up.     Violent  vertigo, 

as  if  everything  turned  around.     Buaaing  in  eats; 

better  in  open  air. 

Respuatory. — Cough »  with  burning  and  pricking 
in  respiratory  tracts.     Weak  voice- 
Urinary. — Urine  srnells  strongly  of  violets. 
Extremities. — Right     axillary     muscles     painful. 
Weight  and  lassitude  in  limbs,  especially  the  shoul- 
ders.    Burning  in  hollow  of  right  hand. 

Re  la  tionship , — C  ora  par e :  Cyclamen ;  Ranunc  ; 
CEnotkera — Evening  Primrose — (exhausting^  watery 
diarrhoea;  cholera  infantum;  hydrocephaloid) ;  Prim- 
ula obconica  (very  marked  skin  symptoms;  useful  in 
poison-oak;  itching  papulesj  eczema;  skin  red, 
swollen;  dryness  and  heat  in  palms;  deep  infiltration 
of  tissues;  blisters;  eruption  between  fingers;  itching 
intolerable  at  night;  has  a  severe  action  upon  the 
myxoedematous.  The  skin  irritation  of  this  plant 
is  due  to  tiny  hairs  of  needle-like  sharpness^  com- 
posed of  fine,  circular  spinelets  of  silicon,  hence  it  is 
doubtful  if  the  plant  is  useful  homoeopathically  un- 
less the  provings  produce  similar  sym^ptoms). 


* 


J! 


PROPYL  AMIN. 

(Distilled  Herring-Brine 0 

In  acute  rheumatism ^  dissipates  fever  and  pain  in 
a  day  or  two.  Rheumatic  prosopalgia,  and  rheu- 
matic metastases,  especially  heart  lesions. 

Extremities,— Pain  in  wrists  and  usikles;  viOT^^^ 
slightest  motion.     [Bry.]     Great  restlessness. 


PROPYLAMIN— PRUNUS    SPIN  OS  A.  $ig 


I     Dose. — Ten  to  fifteen  drops,  in  about  six  ounces 
I  of  water;  teaspoonftil  doses  every  two  hours- 

I  PRUNUS    SPIlfOSA. 

HK  (Black-Thorn.) 

Special  action  on  the  urinary  organs  and  head. 
Very  valuable  in  certain  neuralgias,  anasarca,  and 
especially  oedema  pedum.  Ankle  and  foot  feel 
sprained,     CiitaTy  neuralgia.     [Sptg,;  Saponar.] 

Head. —  Pressing-asimdcr  paiti  beneath  skull. 
Shooting  from  rigbi  fronlQl  hone  ihrough  brain  to 
mciput.  Pain  in  right  eye-hall,  as  if  it  would  burst. 
Piercing  toothachCj  as  if  teeth  were  pulled  out; 
worse,  taking  anything  warm. 

Eyes. — Ciliary  neuralgia.  Btirsting  pain  in  right 
eyeball,  shooting  like  lightning  through  the  brain  to 
occiput,  I  rid  o -choroiditis.  Opacity  of  vitreous 
humor.     Eyes  feel  as  if  bursting. 

Abdomen. — Ascites.  Cramp-like  pain  in  bladder 
Tcgion;  worse^  walking, 

Bectum. — Hard,  nodular  stool,  with  rectal  pain, 
as  if  angular  body  were  pressed  inward.  Burning  in 
anus  after  slimy  diarrhcea. 

Urine. ^Tenesmus  of  bladder.  Ineffectual  ef- 
fort to  urinate.  Hurriedly  impelled  to  urinate;  the 
urine  seems  to  pass  as  far  as  glans,  and  then  return 
and  cause  pain  in  urethra.  Neuralgic  dysuria. 
Must  press  a  long  time  before  urine  appears. 

Respiratory. — Wheezing  when  walking.  Oppres- 
sion of  chest;  anxious  short  respiration.  Angina 
^  pectoris.  Furious  beating  oiiieart ;  worse,  slightest 
Ijnotion. 


I 


530  PRUNUS   SPIMOSA — PSOEINUM- 

Skin. — Herpes  zoster*  Dropsy.  \Safnh^'\ 
Relationship.^ — Compare:  Lauroc;  Prtmus  padus 
(sore  throat,  pressiire  behind  sternum,  and  sticking 
pain  in  rectum);  Prunus  Virgin-tana  (heart  tonic; 
relieves  the  flagging  and  distended  ventricle;  irri- 
table heart ;  dilatation  of  right  heart ;  cough ,  u^orse  at 
night  on  lying  d<?Ufn;  weak  digestion,  especially  in 
elderly  people);  Pyrus  (constriction  around  waist; 
cold-water  sensation  in  stomach;  neuralgic  and 
gouty  pains). 

Dose. — Third  to  sixth  potency. 

PSOHIHUM. 
(Scabies  Vesicle.) 

The  therapeutic  field  of  this  remedy  is  found  in 
so-called  psoric  manifestations.  Debility,  independ- 
ent of  any  organic  disease,  especially  the  weakness 
remaining  after  actite  diseases.  Lack  of  readim. 
when  well-chosen  remedies  fail  to  act.  Scrofulous 
patients.  Secretions  have  a  filthy  smeli.  Profuse 
sw^ting.  Cardiac  weakness.  Skin  symptoms  very 
prominent  Often  gives  immunity  from  cold-catcb- 
ing.  Easy  perspiration  when  walking.  Syphilis,  in- 
herited and  tertiary. 

Mind. — Hopeless;  despairs  of  recovery.  Mekn- 
choly,  deep  and  persistent;  religious.  Suicidal  ten- 
dency. 

Head. — Awakens  at  night  with  pain  as  from  hlow 
on  head.  Chronic  headaches:  hungry  during  at- 
tacks, with  vertigo.  Hammering;  pain;  brain  feels 
too  large;  worse,  change  of  weather  Dull  pressive 
pain  in  occiput.  Humid  eruption  on  scalp:  hair 
matted.     Hair  dry. 


1 


PSORINUM.  531 

Eyes. — Agglutinated.  Blepharitis.  Chronic  aph- 
tkulmiaj  that  constantly  recurs.  Edges  of  lids  red. 
Secretion  acrid. 

Moutii. — Obstinate  rhag^des  at  corners. 

Nose. — ^Dry  coryza,  with  stoppage  of  nose. 
Chronic  catarrh  i  dropping  from  posterior  nares. 
Acne  rosacea. 

Bars, — Raw,  red,  oozing  scabs  around  ears.  Sore 
pain  behind  ears.  Herpes  from  temples  over  ears  to 
cheeks.  Offensive  discharge  from  eczema  around 
ears^  Iniolerahle  itching^  Most  fetid  pus  from  ears 
Tellur^],  brownish,  offensive* 

Face. — Swelhng  of  tipper  lip.  Pale,  dehcate. 
Humid  eruption  on  face.     Sickly. 

Throat, — Tonsils  greatly  swollen;  painful  swal- 
lowing >  with  pain  in  ears*  Profuse  offensive  saliva; 
tough  mucus  in  throat.  Recurring  quinsy.  Eradi- 
cates tendency  to  quinsy.  Hawking  up  of  cheesy, 
pea -like  balls  of  disgusting  smell  and  taste.     [A^flr.] 

Stomach. — Eructations  like  bad  eggs.  Very  hun- 
gry always;  m^ust  have  something  to  eat  in  the  middle  of 
the  night.  Nausea ;  vomiting  of  pregnancy.  Pain  in 
abdomen  after  eating, 

StooL — Mucous,  bloody,  excessively  fetid,  dark  fluid. 
Hard,  difficult  stool  with  blood  from  rectum  and 
burning  piles.  Constipation  of  infants,  especially  in 
pale,  sickly,  scrofulous  children,     [Collinson.] 

Female. — Leucorrhcea  fetid,  lumpy,  with  much 
backache  and  debility.  Mammae  swollen  and  pain- 
ful. Pimples  oozing  an  acrid  fluid  that  burns  and 
excoriates  the  glands. 

Refipiratory,— Asthma,  with  dyspncea;  worse »  sit- 


533  PSORlNUM— rXELEA. 

ting  tip ;  better,  lying  down  and  keeping  arms  spread 
wide  apart.  Dry,  hard  cough,  with  great  weakness 
in  chest.  Feeling  of  ulceration  under  sternum.  Pains 
in  chest;  better,  lying  down.  Cough  returns  everj^ 
winter,  from  suppressed  eruption.  Hay- fever,  re- 
turning regularly  every  year. 

Extremities. — Weakness  of  joints,  as  if  tliey 
would  not  hold  together.  Eruption  arottnd  finger- 
nails.    Fetid  foot -sweats. 

Skin. — Dirty,  dingy  look.  Dry,  lusterless,  rough 
hair.  Inlolerable  itching^  Herpetic  eruptions,  es- 
pecially on  scalp  and  bends  of  joints,  with  itching; 
worse  from  warmth  of  bed.  Enlarged  glands.  Se- 
baceous glands  secrete  excessively;  oily  skin.  In- 
dolent ulcers,  slow  to  heal.  Eczema  behind  ears. 
Crusty  eruptions  all  over.  Urticaria  after  every  ex- 
ertion.    Pustules  near  ftnger-nails. 

Fever,' — Profuse  perspiration"  night -sweats. 

Sleep,^Sleepless  from  intolerable  itchingn  Easily 
startled.     Frightful  dreams. 

Modahties. — Worse^  coffee;  Psorinum  patient  does 
not  improve  while  using  coffee.  Worse,  changes  of 
weather. 

Relationship. — Complementary :  Sulphur. 

Compare:  Tuberc.;  Hepar;  SiL;  lod. 

Dose, — ^Two-hundredth  and  higher  potencies. 
Should  not  be  repeated  too  often. 


PTELEA, 

(Wafer-Ash.) 

Is  a  remarkable  remedy  in  stomach  and  liver  af- 
^^ctions.     The  aching  and  heaviness  in  the  region  of 


4 


PTELEA PULKX    JRRlTANS, 


533 


the  liver  is  greatly  aggravated  by  lying  on  the  left  side. 
Akmic  states  of  stomach..     Asthma- 

.vBeftd^ — Feek  dull  and  s^tupid.     Pain  from  fore- 
'lli$d  to  root  of  Ttcse;  ptessing-outward  pain. 

Mouth. —  Excess  of  saliva,  with  dry  bitter  taste. 
Tongue  coated  white  or  yellow;  feels  rough,  swollen. 
Papilla?  red  and  pt imminent.  [Arg.  n.]  Coating  niay 
be  brownish -yellow. 

Stomach*— Weight  and  fullness.  Griping  in  epi- 
gastric region,  with  dryness  of  mouth.  Emctations, 
nausea,  vomiting.  Constant  sensation  of  corrosion, 
heat  and  burning  in  stomach.  Stomach  feels  empty 
after  eating.  Stomach  and  liver  symptoms  associ- 
ated with  pain  in  limbs. 

Abdomen. — -Much  iveight  and  pain  in  right  side; 
heavy »  aching  feeling,  relieved  by  lying  on  right 
side.  Liver  sore,  swollen,  sensitive  to  pressure.  Re- 
tmction  of  abdomen. 

Re^piratorj. — Feeling  of  pressure  on  lungs  and  of 
su^oc^tion  Tvhen  lyiiig  on  back  Asthma;  dys- 
frncea^  cramp-like  pain  in  cardiac  region. 

Mod^Hties.— Worse ^  lying  on  left  side;  early  morn- 
ing.    Better,  eating  sour  things. 

ReUttfonstiip. — Compare:  Mercur.;  Magn^  mur^; 
A*ujc,  Chelid^ 

Doie. — ^First  to  thirtieth  potency. 


PULEX    IRRITAIIS. 
(Common  Flea.j 
Marked  urinary  and  female  symptoms. 
Hud. — ^ieTy    inrpatrent*     cross^    and    \rn\.ai\i\a- 


534  PULBX    IRRITANS— PULSATILLA. 

Frontal  headache » with  enlarged  feeling  af  i 
wrinkled  and  old-looking. 

Stomach. — Breath  and  taste  fbul,      Inte 
sea,  with  vomiting,  purging:,  and  faintness. 
very  ofifensive. 

Urine, — Frequent  urging*  with  presstire  on  h 
dot  and  burning  in  urethra*  Urine  foul.  C^ 
retain  urine ;  must  attend  to  the  call  without  d€ 

FeniAte,^ — Menses  delayed.  Increased  flow  oi 
liva  during.  Intense  burning  in  vagina.  Leu 
rhoea  profuse,  foul,  staining  a  greenish  yell 
stains  of  menses  and  leucorrhcea  very  hard  to  n 
out.     Backache.     [OxaL  ac.] 

Dose. — The  higher  potencies. 


i 


PULSATILLA. 

(Wind-Flower*) 

The  disposition  and  mental  state  are  the  ( 
guiding  sympton^  to  the  selection  of  Pulsatilla, 
is  pre-eminently  a  female  remedy,  especially 
mild,  gentle,  yielding  dis]Xjaitions.  Sad,  cr 
readily;  weeps  when  talking;  changeable,  coi 
dictory.  The  patient  seeks  the  open  air;  ab 
feels  better  there.  Mucous  membranes  are  al 
fee  ted.  Discharges  thicks  bland,  and  yellamish-^, 
Often  indicated  after  abuse  of  Iron  tonics,  and  i 
badly-managed  measles.  Symptoms  ever  ch 
ing.  TkifsUtsSt  peevish,  and  chilly.  When 
serious  impairment  of  health  is  referred  to  ag 
puberty.  ^ 

Mind- — Weeps  easily.     Timid,  irresolute* 


PULSATILLA.  535 

pathy.  Easily  discotiraged.  Morbid  dread  of 
opposite  s^x.     Religious  melancholy. 

ead,^ — Wandering  stitches  about  head ;  pains  ex- 
,  to  face  and  teeth;  vertigo;  better  in  open  air, 
ital  and  supra -orbital  pains  mostly;  ^^orse  in 
evening  and  by  wannth,  Bnrsiing,  semi-laleral 
'4Mche,  with  nausea  and  vomiting,  from  over- 
ed  stomach.  [Bry.;  Nnx.]  Neuralgic  pains, 
mencing  in  r4ght  tcfnporal  region,  UHtk  scalding 
^yntatton  of  affected  side.  Headache  from  over- 
t.      Pressure  on  vertex  ► 

U"s.^ — Sensation  as  if  something  were  being 
=d  outward.  Hearing  difficult,  as  if  the  ear 
:  stuffed.  Otorrhoea.  Thick,  bland  discharge; 
isive  odor.  External  €sar  swollen  and  red.  Ca- 
aal  otitis.     Otalgia,  worse  at  night. 

j^es, — Thickt  profuse,  yellmi),  bland  discharges. 
ing  and  burning  in  eyes.  Profuse  lachryma- 
and  secretion  of  mucus.  Lids  inf  anted,  agglu- 
•ed^  Styes.  Veins  of  fundus  oculi  greatly  en- 
jd.  ophthalmia  neonatorum  ►  Sub-acute  con- 
tivitis,  with  dyspepsia;  wor^e  in  warm  room. 

ise,— Cory^a ;  stoppage  of  right  nostril,  pressing 
at  root  of  nose.  Loss  of  smell.  Large  green 
[  scales  in  nose.  Stoppage  in  evening.  Yellow 
us ;  abundant  in  morning.  Bad  smelly  as  of  old 
rrh.     Nasal  bones  sore. 

ice, — Right -sided  neuralgia,  with  profuse  lach- 
ation.  Swelling  of  lower  Hp,  which  is  cracked 
aiddle.  Prosopalgia  towards  evening  till  mid* 
t;  chilly,  with  pain. 

on th,— Greasy  taste.  Dry  fKOuik,  without  thirst ^ 
lam  or  white  tongue,  covered  with  a  tenacious  mu- 


5j6  PULSATILLA. 

cus.  Toothaclxe;  relieved  by  holding  cold  water 
in  mouth.  [Coff.]  Offensive  odor  from  mouth 
[Merc;  Aur,]  Food,  especially  bread,  taster  bit- 
ter. Much  sweei  saliva.  Alterations  of  taste,  bitter, 
bilious,  greasy,  salty,  foul,     Lo6S  of  taste. 

Stomach. — Averse  to  fat  food,  warm  food,  and 
drink.  Eructations;  taste  of  food  remains  a  Imt^ 
time;  after  ices,  fruits,  pastry.  Pain  as  from  sal> 
cutaneous  ulceration.  Dislikes  butter »  [Snng] 
Heartburn.  Dyspepsia,  with  grea,t  tightness  after 
a  ineal ;  must  loosen  clothing.  Thirstlessness,  with 
nearly  all  complaints.  Vomiting  of  food  eaten  long 
before.  Pain  in  ston\ach  an  hour  after  eating. 
[Mux.]  Weight  as  from  a  stone,  especially  in  morn- 
ing on  awaking.  Gnawmgp  hungry  feeling,  [,4Wi?5C,) 
Perceptible  pulsation  in  pit  of  stomach.  [Asaf.] 
All-gone  sensation  in  stomachy  especially  in  te»- 
drinkers. 

Abdomen, — Painful,  distended;  lond  rumbling. 
Pressure  as  from  a  stone.  Colic,  with  chilliness  in 
evening. 

StooL — Rumbling,  watery;  worse,  night.  No  tit^o 
stools  alike.  After  fruit,  [Ars.;  Chin.]  BEnd 
haemorrhoids,  with  itching  and  sticking  pains.  Dys- 
entery: mucus  and  blood,  Tivith  chilliness.  [Merc; 
Rheum.] 

Urine, ^Increased  desire^  worse  when  lying  dmm. 
Burning  in  orifice  of  urethra  during  and  after  mictu- 
rition. Involuntary  mictimtion  at  night,  while 
coughing  or  passing  flatus.  After  urinating,  spas- 
modic pain  in  bladder. 

FaxEUite;^ — Amenorrhoea.  [Cimicif.;  Senec.;  Poly- 
gon,]    Suppfe^sed  menses  from  wet  feet,   nervous 


PULSATILLA,  537 

debility*  or  chlorosis.  Taxdy  menses.  Too  late. 
scanty*  thick,  dark,  dotted,  changeable,  %ntermiitenf . 
ChilUiie&s.  nausea,  downward  pressure^  painful,  flow 
intermits.  Leucorrho^a,  acrid,  bviming,  creamy. 
Pain  in  back;  tired  feeling^.  Diarrhoea  during  or 
after  menses. 

Male*— Orchitis;  pain  from  abdomen  to  testi- 
cles. Thick  yellow  discharge  from  urethra;  late 
stage  of  gonorrhoea.  Stricture;  urine  passed  only  in 
drops,  and  stream  interrupted.  [Clemat.]  Ainte 
prostatitis.     [Solidago:  Thuja,] 

Respiratory. — Capricious  hoarseness;  comes  and 
goes.  Dry  cough  in  evening  and  at  night;  must  sit 
up  in  bed  to  get  rglief,  and  loose  cough  in  the  morn- 
ing, with  copious  mucous  expectoration.  Pressure 
up(m  thf  chest  and  soreness.  Great  soreness  of  epi- 
gastrium. Urine  emitted  with  cough.  {Caust.] 
Pain  as  from  ulcer  in  middle  of  chest,  Expectora- 
tbn  bland,  thick,  bitter,  greenish,  Short  breath, 
anxiety,  and  palpitation  when  l>-ing  on  left  side. 
[Fhos] 

Sleep, — Wide  awake  in  the  evening:  first  sleep  rest- 
less, Wakes  languid,  unre freshed.  Irresistible 
sleepiness  in  afternoon.  Sleeps  with  hands  over 
head. 

£]ctremities. — Drawing,  t^isive  pain  in  thighs  and 
legs,  with  restlessness,  sleeplessness,  and  chilli- 
ness. Pain  in  limbs,  shifting  rapidly;  tensive  pain, 
itUing  up  unth  a  snap.  Numbn^  around  elbo^. 
Hip- joint  painful.  Knees  swollen,  with  tearing, 
drawing  pains.  Boring  pain  in  heels  toward  even- 
ing; suffering  worse  from  letting  ike  affected  limb  hang 
down.     [Commm  reverse.} 


538  PULSATILLA PVROGENIUM. 

Skhi. — Urticaria,  itching:  worse  at  iiight,  after  fat 
food.  Measle-like  eruptioB,  AI  casks  ^  Catarrhal 
symptoms,  loosa  cough,  pain  in  chest.  Acne  at  pu- 
berty, from  rich,  fat  food,  etc.  Varicose  veins. 
[Hamam.;  Fltior.  ac.] 

Fever, — Chilliness,  even  in  warm  room,  without 
Utirst.  Intolerable  burning  heat  at  night,  with  dis- 
tended veins.  Pulsation.  Feels  worse  from  warfnih^ 
Sweat  profuse;  may  be  one-sided;  musty - 

Modalities.— H^^j^,  from  rich,  fat  food^  heat,  to- 
wards evening,  after  eating,  warmth,  warm  room, 
lying  on  left  or  on  painless  aide.  Better^  motion, 
open  air,  cold  applications. 

Relationship,^ — Complementary :  Kali  mur^;  Lye.; 
Silica;  Sulpk.  ac. 

Compare:  Ptdsai.  Nuttallian^a^— American  Pulsa- 
tilla— (identical  effects,  more  hot  and  dry  hands, 
fidgety  feet);  Cyclatn.;  Kali  bich.;  Sulph.;  Sepia; 
Kali  sidph;  Ftmenta  (one -sided  neuralgias,  and 
parts  of  body  hot,  others  cold). 

Antidotes:  Coff.;  Chatn.;  Nux. 

Dose. — ^Third  to  thirtieth  and  higher  potencies. 

PYROGENIUM. 
(Pus  from  Septic  Abscess.) 

The  remedy  for  typhoid  conditions,  specific  fevers. 
Diphtheria <  Headache;  aching  in  limbs.  Blood- 
poisoning*  Dissecting  wounds.  Chronic  malaria. 
Sewer  gas  poisoning.  After-effects  of  miscarriage 
and  child-bearings  Ptomaine  poisoning.  Full  of 
anxiety  and  insane  notions. 

Jfind,— Loquacious »     t^ock.\    Tte^ka  he  is  very 


PYHOGENIUM, 


539 


[Ars,]       Feels  as  if  crowded 


Balthy.       Resiless, 
kth  arms  and  legs. 

Head. — Painless  throbbing^.  Fan-like  motion  of 
E  nasi.  [Lyi:.;  Fkos.]  Bursting  headache  with 
etl^&ness.  iJ 

Moutli.— Tongue  red  and  dry^  Nausea  and  vom- 
bg.     Taste  terribly  fetid.     Breath  horrible. 

Heart. — Tired  feeling  about  heart.  Palptiatutfi, 
Snsation  as  if  heart  were  too  full.  Always  can 
(ar  her  heart  beat.  Pulse  abnormally  rapid.  Pain 
I  rcgioo  of  left  nipple.     Conscious  of  heart, 

Sttunach .-^Coffee-grounds  vomiting.     Vomits  wa-    . 
r,  when  it  becomes  warm  in  stomach .  1 

Abdomen .^ — Intolerable  tenesmus  of  both  bladder 
id  rectum.     Bloated,  sore^  cutting  pain. 

StooL — -Diarrhoea ;  horribly  offensive,  brown- 
ick.  painless^  involuntary.  Constipation,  with 
ttnplete  inertia  [Optum];  obstinate  from  impaction. 
k>ols  large,  black,  carrion -like,  or  small  black  balls. 

Female,— Puerperal  peritonitis^  with  extreme  fe- 
r.  Septicaemia  following  abortion.  Menses  hor- 
^y  offensive.  Uterine  haemorrhages.  Fever  at 
ch  menstrual  period,  consequent  upon  latent  pel- 
C  inAammation. 

I'eFer. — Coldness  and  chilliness.  Septic  fmers. 
Itent  pyogenic  condition. 

Bxtremtties.^ — ^^Th  robbing  in  vessels  of  neck, 
ttmbness  of  hands,  arms,  feet.  Aching  in  all 
abs  and  bones.  Bed  feels  too  hai'd.  [Arn]  Great 
bility  in  the  morning.     Soreness;  better  by  i«o- 


r 

^M  Sleep, 

W  night 

^^m  Modalities. — Relief    from    motion. 

^^f  Rala tionskip * — C om pare :  Eckin acea . ,"  Garbo ;  .4 rs, ; 

W  Lack.;  Rhtis;  Bapt. 

I  Dose,- — Sixth  to  thirtieth  and  higher  potencies. 

I  Should  not  be  repeated  too  frequently. 

^■^  QUASSIA. 

^^^^^^,,  (Quassia -Wood,) 

Acts  on  gastric  organs  as  a  tonic.  [Geniian. 
Hydr.]  Seems  to  possess  marked  action  on  eyes, 
producing  amblyopia  and  cataracts  Has  been  used 
hypodermically  as  a  pre%^entive  of  cholera. 

Stomach, — Atonic  dyspepsia,  with  gas  and  acid' 
ity.  Heartburn  and  gastralgia.  Regurgitation  of 
fbodn 

Urinary.— Excessive  desire — ^impossible  to  retain 
urine;  copious  micturition  day  and  night.  As  soon 
as  the  child  wakes  up  the  bed  is  drenched. 

Extreraities,^lncli nation  to  yawn  and  stretch. 
[  Rh  us.]  Ben  sat  i  on  of  c  oldness  o%''er  back .  Prastra- 
tion.  with  hunger.  Cold  extremitieSp  with  sensation 
of  internal  coldness.     [  Hehderma.] 

Dose. — First  to  third  potency. 

QUERCUS     GLMfDIUM    SPIRITUS. 

(Acorn  Kernels,) 

Used  first  by  Rademacher  for  chronic  spleen  af- 
fections; spleen-dropsy.  Antidotes  effects  of  Alco- 
hol.    Vertigo;  deafness,  with  noises  in  head.     Tukf^ 


540      PYROGENIUM — QUASSIA QUIRCUS  GLAND. 


-Seems  to  be  in  a  semi-sleep.     Dreams  2*11 


Ql- ERCUS  GI.AND, — QUILL  AY  A. — RAN,  BLtLB.       54  j 

jjay  craving  for  alcoholics^  give  dose  as  below  for 
veral  months.     Dropsy  and  liver  affections.  i 

Relationstiip,— Coin  pate :    Ceanoih^;    Lack,;    Nat. 

fptur.;   Hclinnthus  (spleen  enlarged  and  painful). 
Dose. — Ten  drops  of  the  distilled  spirit  three  to 

four  times  a  day. 

QUILLAYA    SAPONARIA. 

(Cbile  Soap- Bark.) 

Produces  and  cures  symptoms  of  acute  catarrh, 
sneezing,  and  sore  throat.  Mosi  effective  in  the  be- 
ginning of  cory^a^  frequently  checking  its  further 
development. 

Relationsliipt— Compare:  Kalihyd.;  Gels.;  C^pa.; 
Baponaria;  Saponinum  (sore  throat;  involuntary 
urination). 

Dose*— Tincture  and  first  potency. 

RAi?rmcuLus  bulbosus. 

(Buttercup.) 

Acts  especially  upon  the  muscular  tissue  and  skin, 
End  its  most  characteristic  effects  are  upon  the  chest- 
'W'alls,  like  pleurodynia.  Bad  effects  of  Alcohol;  deli- 
^rium  tremens.     Spasmodic  hiccough.    Hyhro thorax. 

Eyes*- — Day-blindness;  mist  before  eyes;  pressure 
and  smarting  in  eyes,  as  from  smoke.  Pain  over 
right  eye;  better,  standing  and  walking.  Her- 
pes on  cornea.  Vesicles  on  cornea,  with  intense 
pain,  photophobia,  and  lachrymation. 

Chest.^ — Various  kinds  of  pains  and  soreness,  as  if 
^uised  in  sternt4fn,  ribs,  intercostal  spaces,  and  both 


I 


543        KANUNC*    BULB. — 'RAWUNC.    SCBt-ERATTJS- 

hypochondria.  Intercostal  rheumatism-  Stitches  in 
chest,  between  shoulder-blades;  worse,  inspiring* 
moving.  Rheumatic  pain  in  chest,  as  from  sub- 
cutan«>tis  ulceration.  Tenderness  of  abdomen  to 
pressure.  Muscular  pain  along  tower  margin  of  thi 
shoulder-blade;  burning  in  small  spots  from  seden- 
tary employment. 

Skin.^ — Burning  and  intense  itching;  worse,  con- 
tact. Hard  excrescences.  Herpetic  eruptions,  with 
great  itching.  Shingles;  bluish  vesicles.  Itching  in 
palms.  Corns  sensitive.  Horny  skin.  Finger-tips 
and  pakns  chapped. 

Modalities. — Worse,  motion  ^  contact,  atmospheric 
changes,  wet,  stormy  weather. 

Relft tionehip , — I  ncom  pa t ible :  Sulpk . ;  Staph . 

Compare:  Ranunc.  acris  (pain  in  lumbar  mtiscles 
and  joints  by  bending  and  turning  body);  Ranunc. 
glacialis  (vertigo  and  sensation  as  of  impending  apo- 
plexy; night-sweats — more  on  thighs);  Ranunc^ 
repens  (crawling  sensation  in  forehead  and  scalp  in 
evening  in  bed);  Ranunc.  fiamrmda  (ulceration;  gan- 
grene of  arm).  Compare,  also:  Bry,;  Croton;  Met.; 
Euphorb. 

Antidotes:  Bry.;  Camplu;  Rhus. 

Dose- — Mother  tincture,  in  ten-  to  thirty-drop 
doses  in  delirium  tremens ;  third  to  thirtieth  potency 
generally* 

RANUNCULUS    SCELERATUS. 

(Marsh  Buttercup.) 

Is  more  irritating  than  others  of  this  botanical 
family,  as  seen  in  the  skin  symptoms.  Borinf^, 
gnawing  pain  very  marked.     Pemphigus, 


^ 


RANUNCULUS   SCELSRATUS RAPHANUS.         543 


^B  Head  .^-Gnawing  in  one  spot  left  of  vertex. 
Frightful  dreams  about  corpses,  serpents j  battles, 
etc.  Fluent  corysMi,  with  sneedng  and  burning 
micturition* 

Mouth .^Teeth  and  gums  sensitive.  Tongue  map- 
ped.  \Tarax.;  Nil.  ac-;  Rhus.]  Denuded  patches. 
Mouth  sore  and  raw.  Burning  and  rawness  of 
tongue^ 

Abdomen  .^Sensation  of  a  plug  behind  umbilicus. 
Pain  over  region  of  Uver,  with  sensation  as  if  diar- 
rhea would  set  in.  Pressure  as  of  a  plug  behind  right 
false  ribs ;  worse^  deep  inspiration. 

Chest. — Integument  sensitive.  Bruised  pain  and 
weakness  in  the  chest  every  evening*  Sore  burning 
behind  xiphoid  cartilage. 

Skin. —  Vesicular  eruption,  with  tendency  to  form 
large  blisters.  Acrid  exiidation,  which  makes  sur- 
rounding parts  sore. 

Ex  tr  v^  mities. — Boring  pain  *  Sud  den  burning  stick- 
ing in  right  toe.  Corns,  with  burning  and  soreness, 
especially  when  feet  hang  down.  Gout  in  fingers 
and  toes* 

Dose. — First  to  third  potency. 


1 


I 


RAPHANUS. 

(Black:  Garden  Badi&h.) 

Great  accumulation  and  incarceration  of  flatulence 
is  characteristic.  Seborrhcea,  with  greasy  skin, 
Penaphigus.  Hysteria ;  chilliness  in  back  and  arms. 
Sexual  insomnia.  [Kali  bram^l  Nymphomania, 
•*Globufi^'  symptoms. 


h 


Throat. — Hot'ball  feeling  from  uterus  to  throat, 
stopping  there.     Heat  and  bumixxg  in  throat. 

Abdomen.  —  Distended,  tjmtpamtic,  hard.  No 
fiattis  cfnitied  upward  or  dmmtward.  Griping  about 
navel.  Stool  liquid,  frothy,  profuse,  brown,  with 
colic  and  pad -like  swelling  of  intestines,  Urine 
more  copious h 

Female. — Nervous  irritation  of  genitals.  Menses 
v^ery  profuse  and  long-lasting.  Nymphomania, 
with  aversiun  to  her  own  sex  and  to  children. 

Relationship-— Compare:  Mmnordua  (w^orse,  near 
splenic  flexure);  Carbo;  Anacar,;  Arg.  nit. 

Dose. — Third  to  thirtieth  potency. 


RATAKHU. 

(Mapato,) 

The  rectal  symptoms  are  most  important,  and 
have  received  much  clinical  confirmation.  It  has 
cured  pterygium.  VioUnt  hiccough.  Cracked  nip- 
ples.    [Graph.;  Eup.  ar.] 

Rectum. — Aches,  as  if  full  of  broken  glass.  Anm 
aches  and  burns  for  hours  after  stool.  Feels  con- 
stricted. Dry  heat  at  anus,  with  sudden  knjfe-Uke 
stitches.  Stools  must  be  forced  with  great  effort; 
protrusion  of  haemorrhoids.  Fissures  of  anus, 
with  great  constriction,  burmng  like  fire,  as  do  the 
hEEmorrhoids;  temporarily  relieved  by  cold  water- 
Fetid,  thin  diarrhoea;  stools  burn;  burning  pains 
before  and  after  stools.  Oozing  at  anus.  Pin- 
worms.     [Sani.;  Teuc^:  Spig.] 

Relationship. — Compare:  Pwon.;  Croion  (rectal 
neuralgia) ;  Miicuna  urens  (piles,  with  burning;  ha^m- 


R  ATA  N  HI  A — RHEUM.  545 

orrhoidal  diathesis) ;  Sang,  nit.;  Slag — blast  iron  fur- 
nace cinder— (anal  itching,  pUes,  and  constipation; 
housemaid's  knee). 

J>o&e,— Third  to  sixth  potency.  Locally,  the 
Cerate  has  proved  invaluable  in  many  rectal  com- 
plaints. 

RHEUM, 
(Rhubarb,) 

Of  frequent  use  in  children  with  sour  diarrhosa; 
difficult  dentition.     Whale  child  smdls  sour. 

Mind. — Impatient  and  vehement;  desires  many 
things  and  cries.     [Cina.] 

Head. — Sweat  on  hairy  scalp;  constant  and  pro- 
fuse. 

Mouths — Much  saliva.  Sensation  of  coldness  in 
teeth.  Difficult  teething;  restless  and  irritable. 
Breath  smells  sour.     [CAdiM.] 

Stomach^^Desire  for  various  kinds  of  food,  but 
soon  tires  of  all.     Throbbing  in  pit. 

Abdomen.— -Colicky  pain  about  navel.  Colic  when 
uncovering.     Wind  seems  to  rise  up  to  chest. 

Rectum. — Stools  smell  sour,  pasty,  with  shivering 
and  tenesmus,  and  burning  in  anus.  Sour  diarrhoea 
during  dentition. 

Modalities. — Worse ^  uncovering,  after  eating,  mov- 
jf^g  about. 

Relationship, — Compare:  Mag.  phos^;  Ihp.;  Pod.; 
Cham.;  Ipec^ 

Antidotes:  Camph.;  Cham. 
Dose.  —Third  to  sixth  potency, 


I 


3 


RHODODENDRON. 

(Snow-Rose.) 

Rhetiinatic  and  gouty  symptoms  well  marked. 
The  modality  (worse  before  a  storm)  is  a  trtie  guid- 
ing symptom. 

Mind.' — Dread  uf  a  titorm;  particularly  afraid  of 
thunder^     Forgetful. 

Head»— Aching  in  temples.  Tearing  pain  in 
bones*  Headache ;  worse,  wine,  wind,  cold  and  wet 
weather.  Pain  in  eyes  before  a  storm.  Cilusfy  «f«' 
ralgia^  involving  eyeball,  orbit,  and  head.  Heat  b 
eyes  when  tising  them. 

Ears* — Diffic\ilt  hearing,  with  whizzing  and  ring- 
ing in  ears.  Hearing  better  in  the  morning;  noises 
come  on  after  patient  has  been  up  a  few  hom^. 

Face. — Prosopalgia;  violent  jerking  pain  involv- 
ing dental  nerves,  from  temple  to  lower  jaw  and 
chin;  beiier,  warmth  and  eating.  Toothache  in  damp 
weather  and  before  a  storm. 

Male. — Testicles  swollen,  painful,  drawn  np.  Or- 
chitis; gland  feels  crushed.  Induration  and  swell- 
ing  of  testes  after  gonorrhoea.      Hydrocele.     [5t7J 

Extremitiea.^ — Joints  swollen.  Gouty  inflamma- 
tion  of  great  toe  joint.  Rhcumaiic  tearing  in  ail 
lifHbs;  worse,  at  rest  and  in  stormy  weather.  Paifl 
in  shoulders,  amis,  wrists;  worse  when  at  rest,  Pain? 
in  bones  in  spots,  and  reappear  by  change  of  weather. 
Camiot  sleep  unless  legs  are  crossed. 

Modalities. — Worse^  before  a  storm.  All  symp- 
toms reappear  in  rough  weather.  Better,  after  the 
storm  breaks,  warmth,  and  eating. 


mfODODBH.^RHUS    AROW.— ^RHUS   GLAB, 


547 


f  Relationship , — Com  pa  r  e :    .4  mpehpsis   (h  ydrocele 
[  renal  dropsy);  Dulc-i  Rhus;  Nal^  stdph. 
Base. — First  to  sixth  potency. 

RHUS    AROMATICA. 
(Fragrant    Sumacli,) 

Renal  and  urinary  affections,  espet^ially  dinbetes. 
Enuresis  due  to  vesical  atony;  senile  incontinence. 
Hematuria  and  cystitis  come  within  the  range  of 
this  retnedy 

Urine, — Pale,  albuminous-  Incontinence^  Severe 
pain  ni  beginning  or  before  urinaiipn.  causing  great 
agony,  in  children.  Constant  dribbling.  Diabetes^ 
large  quantities  of  urine  of  low  specific  gravity. 
[Phos.  at.:  Acet.  a£j\ 

Dose. — Tincture,  in  rather  material  doses, 

RHUS    GLABRA. 

(Smooth  Sumach,) 

Epistaxis  and  occipital  headache.  Fetid  flatus. 
Ulceration  of  mouth.  Dreams  of  flytng  through  the 
fii'r.  [Sttcta^j  It  is  claimed  that  this  remedy  will  so 
disinfect  the  bowels  that  the  flatus  and  stools  will 
be  free  from  odor.  It  acts  well  in  putrescent  condi- 
tions with  tendency  to  ulceration. 

Houth. — Scurvy;  nursing  sore  mouth.  [  Veron- 
ica]    Aphthous  stomatitis. 

Relationships— Said  t^a  be  antidotal  to  the  action 
of  Mercury,  and  has  been  em  ployed  in  the  treatmr  nt 
of  secondary  syphilis  after  mercurialization. 

Dose. — Tiiieture.     Usually  locally  to  soft,  spongy 
gums,   aphthae,  pharyn^^itis.    etc.     lnXem^\V?*  'CvesN 
potency.  . 


I 


FHUS   TOXICODENDRON. 


k 


RHUS    TOXICODENDRON. 

(Poison-Ivy,) 

The  effects  on  tlie  skin,  rheumatic  pains,  mucous 
membrane  aHections,  and  a  typhoid  type  of  fever, 
make  this  remedy  frequently  indicated.  Motion  al- 
ways hmbers  up  the  Rhus  patient,  and  hence  he  feels 
better  for  a  time  from  change  of  position.  Ailments 
from  strains,  over-lifting,  getting  wet  while  perspir- 
ing.     Septic  conditions.     [Eckinac] 

Mind. — Listless,  sad.  Thoughts  of  suicide.  Ex- 
treme restlessness,  wiih  continual  change  of  position. 
Delirium,  with  fear  of  being  poisoned.  \_Hyos.] 
Sensorium  becomes  cloudy^  Greai  apprehension  s* 
nighty  cannot  remain  in  bed. 

Head. — Feels  as  if  a  board  were  strapped  on  the 
forehead.  Vertigo  when  rising.  Heavy  h^gid.  Brain 
feels  loose.  Occipital  pain.  Scalp  sensitive;  worse 
on  side  lain  on.  Headache  in  occiput  [Rhus  rad.y, 
painful  to  touch.  Humid  eruptions  on  scalp;  itch- 
ing greatly. 

Ey es*^^wollen ^  red,  ^edematous;  orbital  celtulUtE, 
Pustular  inftammations.  Photophobia ;  profuse  flow 
of  yellow  pus.  Lids  inflamed,  agglutinated,  swollen. 
Old  injiu-ed  eyes.  Cirucmscribed  corneal  inject  ion- 
Iritis,  after  exposure  to  cold  and  dampness,  and  of 
rheumatic  origin .  Profuse  gush  of  hot  scalding  tears 
upon  opening  lids. 

Ears, — Pain  in  ears,  with  sensation  as  if  som^ 
thing  were  in  them.  Lobules  swollen.  Discharge 
of  bloody  pus. 

ifpse.^Sneezing;  coryaa  ttom  ^tting  wet^    Tip 


RtlUfi   TOXICODENDRON. 

ofnosered,  sore,  ulcerated.  Swelling  of  nose.  Nose- 
bleed on  stooping. 

Face,— yauij  crack  when  chewing.  Easy  disloca- 
tkm  of  jaw.  [/gw.;  PetroL]  Swollen  facc^  erysipe- 
las. Parotitis.  Facial  neuralgia,  with  chilliness; 
worse,  evenings.     Crustu  lactea.     [Calc.;  VioL  trtc.] 

Mouth. — Teeth  feel  loose  and  long;  gums  sore. 
Tongue  red  and  cracked :  coated,  except  red  triangular 
space  at  the  tip;  dry  and  red  at  edges.  Comers  of 
mouth  ulcerated;  fever-blisters  around  mouth  and 
chin.     [Nat.  mfr.] 

Throat. ^ — Sore»  with  swollen  glands.  Sticking 
patn  on  swallowing.     Parotitis,  left  side. 

Stomach,— Want  of  appetite  for  any  kind  of  food, 
with  unquenchable  thirst.  Bitter  tasie^  [Cupr,] 
Nausea,  vertigo,  and  bloated  abdomen  after  eating. 
Desire  for  milk.  Great  thirst,  with  dry  mouth  and 
throat.     Pressure  as  from  a  stone.    [Bry.;  Ars.] 

Abdomen, — Violent  pains,  relieved  by  lying  on  ab- 
domen. Swelling  of  inguinal  glands.  Pain  in  re- 
gion of  ascending  colon.  Colic,  compelling  to  walk 
bent.     Excessive  distention  after  eating. 

Rectum. ^Diarrhoea  of  blood,  slime,  and  reddish 
mucus.  Dysentery,  with  tearing  pains  down  thighs. 
Stools  of  cadaverous  odor.     Frothy,  painless  stools. 

Urine* — Dark,  turbid,  high  colored,  scanty  urine, 
with  white  sediment.     Dysuria,  with  loss  of  blood. 

Hale: — Swelling  of  glans  and  prcpuce^ — dark*red, 
erysipelatous;  scrotum  thick,  swollen,  (edematous, 
licking  intense. 

L        Female ,-^welUng,  with  intense  itching  of  vulva. 

I     Pelvic  articulatio/i;?  stiff  when  beginmtv^  t^a  ToSiN^. 

I   ifi?/?ses  ^arJ^.  profuse,  and  prolonged,  ?i.ct\4      1-^ 


. 


550  RHUS    TOXICODENDRON. 

thin,  proitficied,  offensive,  diminished  [Puis.;  Secale], 
vTith  shootings  upwards  in  vagina.     [Sep,] 

Respiratory, — Tickling  behind  upper  sternum 
Dry,  ieasfng  cough  from  midnight  till  morning,  dur- 
tng  a  chill,  or  when  putting  hands  out  of  bed.  Hae- 
moptysis from  over-exertion;  blood  bright  red.  lu- 
flueoKa,  with  aching  in  all  bones,  [Eup^  p^] 
Hoarseness  from  overstraining  voice,  [Artt.]  Op- 
pression of  the  chest,  cannot  get  breath  with  stick- 
ing painSn 

Heart,— Hypertrophy  from  overexertion.  Pulse 
quick,  weak,  irregular,  intermittent,  with  ift*mbness 
of  left  arm.  Trembling  and  palpitation  when  sit- 
ting still. 

Back,- — Pain  between  shoulders  on  swallowing, 
Pain  and  stiffness  in  small  of  back;  better,  motion,  o^ 
lying  on  something  hard;  worse,  while  sitting*  Stiflf- 
ness  of  the  nape  of  the  neck. 

Extremities* — ^Hot  painful  swelling  of  joints. 
Pains  tearing  in  tendons,  ligafnpnls,  and  fascuf. 
Rheumatic  pains  spread  over  a  large  surface  at  nape 
of  neck,  loins,  and  extremities.  Soreness  of  con- 
dyles of  bones.  Limbs  stiff,  parcdymd.  The  cold 
fresh  air  is  not  tolerated;  it  makes  the  sktn  painful 
Pain  along  ulnar  nerve.  Tearing  down  thighs.  Sci- 
atica; worse,  cold,  damp  weather,  at  night.  Numb- 
ness of  formication,  after  overwork  and  exposure- 
Paralysis;  trembUng  after  exertion.  Tenderness 
about  knee-joint.  Loss  of  power  in  forearm  and 
fingers;  crawling  sensation  in  the  tips  of  fijagers* 

Fever. — Adynamic,  restless,  trembling.  Typhmd; 
tongue  dry  and  brown;  sordes;  bowels  loose;  grea^ 
restlessness.  Intermittent;  chill,  with  dry  cougb 
and  r^tles^ness*     During  heat^  urticaria.     Hydrw 


1 


Qiilly,  as  if  cold  water  were  poured  o%'^er  him,  fol- 
lowed by  heat  and  inclination  to  stretch  the  limbs, 

Bktn. — Red,  swollen;  itching  intense^  Vcisicles, 
herpes;  urticarta;  pemphigus ;  erysipelas;  vesicular^ 
suppurative  forms.     Olands  swollen.     Celliditis. 

Sl^ep, — Dreams  of  ^reat  exertion.  Heavy  sleep,  as 
from  stupor.     Sleepless  before  midnight. 

Modalities. — Worse,  cold,  wet,  rainy  weather;  at 
night,  during  rest,  drenching,  when  lying  on  back  or 
right  side.  Better,  warm,  dry  weather,  motion; 
walking,  change  of  position,  rubbing,  warm  applica- 
tions, from  stretching  out  limbs.. 

Relationship. — Complementary:  Bry.;  Cak.  fluor. 
In  tirticaria  follow  with  Hotfisia. 

Inimical:  Apts. 

Antidotes:  Avacard.;  Croton;  Meser.;  Cyprip.; 
Plumbago  (ec;&ema  of  vulva);  Graph.;  Bry.;  Rhod. 

Compare:  Rhus  radicans  (almost  identical  action; 
Characteristics  are  burning  in  tongue,  tip  feels  sore, 
pains  are  often  semi -lateral  and  in  various  parts, 
often  remote  and  successive.  Many  symptoms  are 
better  after  a  storm  has  thoroughly  set  tn,  especially 
after  an  electric  storm,)  Rhus  div^siloba — Cali- 
fornia PoisonnDak — (antidote  to  Rhus;  violent  skin 
symptoms,  with  frightful  itching;  much  swelling  of 
face,  hands,  and  t*enitals;  skin  very*  sensitive;  ec- 
zema and  erysipelas  {X^ophyllum]),  Compare, 
also:  Am.;  Bapt,;  Lach.;  Ars.;  Hyosc.;  Op.  (stupe- 
faction more  profound). 

Dose, — Third  to  thirtieth  potency.  The  200th 
and  higher  are  antidotal  to  poi&oning  with  the  plant 
and  tincture. 


■ 


|35S^  RHUS    VENEN'ATA— RICINUS   COMMUNIS. 

RHUS    VENENATA* 
(Poison-Elder.) 

The  skin  symptoms  of  this  species  of  Rhus  are 

most  severe- 
Mind,— Great    melancholy;    no    desire    to    live, 

gloomy. 

h  Head. — Heavy  frontal  headache;  worse,  walking 
or  stooping. 

Tongue.— Red  at  tip.  Fissured  in  middle.  Vesi- 
cles on  under  side. 

Bowels,— -Profuse  watery  stools  in  early  morning, 
4  A.M.,  with  colicky  pains;  expelled  with  force. 

Estremities. — Paralytic  drawing  in  right  arm,  es- 
I  pecially  wrist,  and  extending  to  fingeri^. 

Skills-Pitching;  relieved  by  hot  water.  Vesicles. 
Erysipelas;  skin  dark  red.  Erythema  nodosum, 
with  nightly  itching  and  pains  in  long  bones. 

Dose, — Sixth  to  thirtieth  potency* 

RICINUS   COMMUNIS. 
(Cftstor-Oil.) 
Increases  the  quantity  of  milk  in  nursing  wS 
Stool. ^Loose,   incessant,   painless,   with    painful 

cramps  in  muscles  of  extremities.     Anus  inflamed 

Stools  green,  slimy,  and  bloody.    Mouth  dry.    Fi 

emaciatioQ,  somnolence. 

Relatiooship. — Compare :  Resarcin  (summer 

plaint  with  vomiting);  Ghohs  iermpina  (cramps  of 

muschs). 

•  I>ose, — Third  potency. 


1^ 

com- 


ROBI^IA, RObA    DAMASCENA, 


S53 


moBmiA, 

(Yellow  Locust,) 

The  remedy  for  hypercblorhydria.  In  cases 
where  albyminoid  digest ian  is  too  rapid  and  starch 
digestion  is  perverted.  Iniensely  acrid  eructations. 
The  gastric  s>Tnptom5  with  the  most  pronounced 
acidity  are  well  authenticated^  and  are  the  guidii  g 
symptoms. 

Head  .—Dull,  throbbing,  frontal  pairj;  worse,  mo- 
tion and  reading. 

Stomach, — Dull,  heavy  aching.  Nausea;  sour 
eructations;  prof  vise  vomiting  of  an  intensely  sour 
lliiid,  [Sulph.  ac]  Great  distention  of  stomach 
and  bowels.     Flatulent  colic.     [Cham.;  Diosc.] 

Female  .^Nymphomania,  Acrid,  fetid  leucor- 
rhcea.  Discharge  of  blood  between  menstrual 
periods.     Herpes  on  vagina  and  vulva. 

Relationship .^Ma^n^j.  phos.;  Arg.  ml.;  Orexine 
ta  n  natc.     ( H  y  perchlorh  y  dria . ) 

Dose^ — Third  potency.  Mu^at  be  continued  a 
long  time, 

ROSA    DAMASCENA, 

(Rose.) 

Useful  in  the  beginning  of  hay-fever,  with  in- 
volvement of  eustachian  tube, 

Eat*^ Hardness    of    hearing 


Eusta- 


tinnituSi 
^h%an  catarrh.    [Hydr.;  Alerc^  c^uk.] 

Relatioiiship. — Compare,     in    hay-fever:    Succin. 
m-id;  5ai>ad.;  EHphf,;  P$or.;  K^Ii  h^i.;  Ha^Wli* 


RUMEX    CRIiPUS. 


RUMEX    CRISPtrS. 
(Yellow  Dock.) 

Is  characterized  by  pains^  mimerous  and  varied, 
neither  fixed  nor  constant  anywhere.  Cough  caused 
by  an  incessant  tickling  in  the  throat- pit ^  which 
tickling  runs  down  to  the  bifurcation  of  the  bron- 
chial tubes.  Touching  the  throat -pit  brings  on  the 
cough.  Worse  from  the  least  cold  air;  so  that  all 
cough  ceases  by  covering  up  all  the  body  and  head 
with  the  bedclothes.  Rumex  diminishes  the  secre- 
tions of  mucous  membranes,  and  at  the  same  time 
exalts  the  sensibility  of  the  mucous  inembranes  of 
the  larynx  and  trachea.  Its  action  upon  the  skin  is 
marked,  producing  an  intense  itching.  Lymphaiics 
enlarged  and  secretions  pre  verted. 

Stomach, — Tongue  sore  at  edges;  coated;  sensa- 
tion of  hard  substance  in  pit  of  stomach;  hiccoughs 
pyrosis,  nausea;  cannoi  eai  meat,  it  causes  eructations 
and  pTuriUiS^  Jaundice  after  excessive  use  of  al- 
coholics. 

Respiratory. — Nose  dr}^  Tickling  in  thraahpU 
causes  cough.  Copious  mucous  discharge  from  nose 
and  trachea.  Dry\  teasing  cough,  preventing  sleep^ 
Aggravated  by  pressure,  talking,  and  especi^iily  by  in- 
spiring cool  air  and  at  night.  Thin,  watery,  frothy 
expectoration  by  the  mouthful;  later,  string}^  and 
tough.  Rawness  of  larynx  and  trachea.  Soreness 
behind  sternum,  especially  left  side.  Pain  under 
clavicle.     Lump  in  throat. 

StOOh^Brown,  watery  diarrhoea  early  in  marit- 
tng,  with  cough,  driving  bim  out  ot  bed.  Valuable 
in  ad  va  need  phthisis .  [  Sen  eg . ;  Puh. ;  Lycop, ;  A  fs] 
Itching  of  antifi,  with  sensation  as  of  a  stick. 


RtJMEX   cniSPUS — HOTA   GHAVSOLEKS.  5SS 

Skin, — Intense  itching  of  skin;  worse ^  exposure  to 
cold  air  when  undressing.  Urticaria;  contagious 
prurigo. 

Modalities. — Worse,  in  evenings  from  inhaling  cold 
air;  left  chest;  uncovering. 

Relationship,- — Compare;  Caust.;  5  id  ph.;  BelL; 
Rufnex  aceiosella  (dry,  unremitting  short  cough,  and 
violent  pains  in  the  bowels;  uvula  elongated;  inflam- 
mation of  oesophagus). 

Doae,^Third  to  sixth  potency. 


r 


RUTA    GRAVEOLENS. 

(Rue-Bitterwort.) 


Acts  upon  the  periosteum  and  cartilages,  eyes,  and 
uterus.  Complaints  from  straining  flexor  tendons 
especially.  Tendency  to  the  formation  of  deposits 
in  the  periosteum,  tendons,  and  about  joints,  espe- 
cially the  wri-st*  Overstrain  of  ocular  muscles.  All 
parts  of  the  body  are  painful,  as  if  bruised.  Lame- 
ness after  sprains.     Jaundice. 

Head. — Pain  as  from  a  nail;  after  excessive  in- 
toxicating drinks.     Periosteum  sore. 

Eyes . — Eye-strain  followed  by  headach  e.  Eyes  red , 
hot,  and  painftd  from  sewing  or  reading  fine  print. 
[Nai.  mur.;  Arg.  nit.]  Distttrbances  of  accommoda- 
tion.    Weary  pain  while  reading,  jm 

Rectum. —  Prolapsii^s  ani  every  time  the  bowela 
move,  after  confinement.  Prequent  unsuccessful 
urging  to  stool.  Protrusion  of  rectum  when  stoop* 
ing. 


t 


SS6  RUTA    GRAVEOLBNS SABADJLLA, 

Urinary- — Pressure  in  neck  o£  bladder  after  uri 
nating ;  painful  closure.     [Apis.] 

Extremities. — Spine  and  limbs  feel  bruised.  Small 
of  back  and  loins  pain.  Legs  give  out  on  rising  from 
a  chair,  hips  and  thighs  so  weak.  [Phos.;  Con] 
Gatigha.  Sciatica;  worse,  lying  down  at  mght; 
pain  from  back  down  hips  and  thighs.  [Graph] 
Tendons  sore.  Thighs  pain  when  stretch ing  the 
limbs.  Pain  in  bones  of  feet  and  ankles.  Great 
restlessness. 

Modalities* — Worse^  lying  down,  from  cold»  wet 
weather. 

Relationsliip. — Compare:  Phyt.;  Rkits;  StL;  Arn. 
Antidote:  Campk. 

Dose.^First  to  sixth  potency.  Locally,  the 
tincttu'e  for  ganglia  and  as  a  lotion  for  the  eyes. 


SABADILLA. 

(Cevadilla  Seeds.) 

Action  on  mucous  membrane  of  nose  and  the 
lachrj^mal  glands,  producing  coryza  and  symptoms 
like  hay- fever,  which  have  been  utilized  homceopath- 
ically.  Ascarides,  with  reflex  symptoms  (nympho- 
mania; convulsive  symptoms). 

Mind. — Nervous,  timid,  easily  startled.  Has  er- 
roneous notions  about  himself.  Imagines  that  U 
is  very  sick;  that  parts  are  shrunken;  that  she  is 
pregnant* 

Head.— Vertigo,  accompanied  by  blackness  be^ 
fore  eyes  and  sensation  of  fainting.  Dullness  and 
oppression.     Oversensitive  to  odors.     Thinking  pro- 


1 


SABADIl'LA,  55r| 

duces  headache  and  sleeplessness.  Eyelids  red, 
burning.     Lachryfnation.     Difficult  hearing. 

Nose, — Spasmodic  sn^ezin^j  with  running  tiose. 
Coryza,  with  severe  frontal  pains  and  redness  of 
eyes  and  lac  hry  mat  ion.  Copious  watery  nasal  dis- 
charge. 

Throat. — Sore;  begins  an  left  side.  {Lach\  Much 
tough  phlegm.  Sensation  of  a  skin  hanging  loosely ; 
must  swallow  over  it.  Warm  food  and  drink  relieve. 
Empty  swallowing  raost  painful.  Dry  fauces  and 
throat.  Sensation  of  a  lump  in  throat  with  con- 
stant necessity  to  swalloiv.  Chronic  sore  throat; 
worse,  from  cold  air. 

Stomach, — No  thirst.  Loathing  fcjr  strong  food. 
Canine  appetite  for  sweets  and  farmaceoua  food. 
Pyrosis;  copious  salivation.  Cold,  empty  feeling  in 
stomach.     Desire  for  hoi  things.     Sweetish  taste. 

Female. — Menses  too  late ;  come  by  fits  and  starts. 
Intermit  [Kreos,;  Pnls.]  (due  to  transient  and 
localized  congestion  of  womb  alternating  with 
chronic  anaemic  state). 

Fever. — Chill  predofninates;  from  btlow  upwards. 
Heat  in  head  and  face;  hands  and  feet  icy  cold,  with 
chilL  Lachry  motion  during  paroxysm.  Thirst - 
less. 

Extremities.— Cracking  of  skin  under  and  beneath 
toes;  inflammation  under  toe-nails. 

Skin.— Dry,  like  parchment.  Horny,  deformed, 
iJiickened  nails. 

Modaltties. — Worse^  cold  and  cold  drinks.  Better, 
warm  fo{jd  and  driiik. 

RelAtionshlp. — Com^mre :  Veratrtna  (is  the  alka- 
loid  of  Sabadllla,  not  of  Veratrum.  locally  in  neu- 


* 


SS8 


SABADILLA ^SABAL  SERRULATA. 


ralgias,  and  for  removal  of  dropsy.  Five  grains  to 
two  drams  Lanolin,  nibbed  on  inside  of  thighs, 
caiises  diuresis) .    Colch.;  Nux.   At  undo  (hay -fever  }^ 

Aiitidotes :  Puis.;  Lycop  ;  Contum;  Loch. 

Dosc^Third  to  thirtieth  potency. 


SABAL    SERRULATA. 
(Saw  Palmetto.) 

Head,  stomach,  and  ovarian  symptoms  marked^ 
Of  unquestioned  value  in  prostatic  enlargement,  Bfn- 
dtdyntilis,  and  urinary  difficulties.  Acts  jsn  mem- 
brano-prostatic  portion  of  urethra..  Iritis,  i^il 
prostatic  trouble. 

Head. — Confused,  full;  dislikes  sympathy.  Ver- 
tigo, with  headache.  Neuralgia  in  feeble  patients, 
Pain  runs  up  from  nose  and  centers  in  forehead. 

Stomach. — Belching     and     acidity.     Desire 
milk.     [Rhns;  Apis.] 

Urinary* — Constant  desire  to  pass  water  at  night. 
Enuresis;  paresis  of  sphincter  vesicae.  Chronic  gon- 
orrhoea.    Difficult  urination. 

Male. — Prostatic  troubles;  enlargement;  discharge 
of  prostatic  fluid.     Wasting  of  testes  and  lass  of 
semiol  power.     Coitus  painful  at  the  time  of  emi 
sion. 

Female* — Ovaries   tender   and    enlarged ;    hfu\ 
shrivel     [lod,;  Kuh  lod.] 

Respiratory *^ — Copious    expectoration,    with 
tarrh  of  nose.     Chronic  bronchitis.     [Stann;  Hip] 

Relationship. — Compare:  SHpnaia  muydis;  San- 
taL;   Apis.       In  prostatic  symptoms  r   Ferr.  pic.t 


SABAL    SERRtXATA— 5ABINA*  559 

Thuja;  Picric  acid  (mare  seMial  ©rethisni).     Popu- 
1ms  irrmul.  (prostatic  enlargement  with  cystitis). 
Dose. — Mother  tincture,  ten  to  thirty  drops. 

SABINA, 
tSavine.) 

Hus  ^  special  action  on  the  uterus;  also  upon  se- 
rous and  fibrous  membranes;  hence  its  use  in  gout. 
Patn  ahn^  from  sarrum  to  the  pubis.  Htpntorrhages, 
\vkcre  hhod  is  in  ftmd  and  clots  ti^geihtr.  Tendency 
to  miscarriage,  especially  at  third  month.  Violent 
puisahons;  wants  windows  open, 

Mind, — Mhsic  is  intolerable,  produces  nervous- 
ness.    [Natr.  c] 

Head. — Bursting^  headache,  suddenly  coming^  and 
going  slowly.  Rush  of  blood  to  head  and  face. 
Drawing  pains  in  masseter  muscles.  Teeth  ache 
when  chewing. 

Stomach. — Hea rt bum ,  Desire  for  lemonade .  B i t^ 
ter  taste.  [HIms.]  Lancinating  pain  from  pit  of 
stomach  across  back. 

A bdomen,  — -  B ear i ngniow n ,  constricti ve  pa i n ,  Col- 
ic, mostly  in  hypogastric  region.  Tympanitic  dis- 
tension. 

Rectum. — Sense  of  fullness.  Constipation.  Pain 
from  back  to  pubis.  Haemorrhoids,  with  bright  red 
blood,  bleed  copiously. 

Urine. — Burning  and  throbbing  in  region  of  kid- 
neys. Bloody  urine;  much  urging.  Bladder  in- 
flamed, with  throbbing  all  over.  Inflammation  of 
urethra. 

Mimie, — /nJlanimatory    gonorrhcjea   v^^it^x   ^^iSi'^^^ 


560 


discharge.  Sy cot ic  excrescences.  Burning  sore  paii 
in  glans.  Prepuce  painful  with  difficulty  in  re- 
tracting it.     Increased  desire. 

Female. — Menses  profuse,  bright.  [Bell;  Ip, 
MilL]  Uterine  pains  extend  into  thighs.  Threat- 
ened miscarriage.  Sexual  desire  increased.  Leu- 
corrhoea  after  menses,  corrosive,  oSensive.  Dis- 
charge of  blood  between  periods^  with  sexual  ex- 
citement* [/it»&rj  Retained  placenta  [Canik.; 
Sep.]i  intense  after-pains.  Menorrhagia  in  women 
who  aborted  readily.  Inflammation  of  ovaries  and 
uterus  after  abortion.  Promotes  expulsion  of  moles 
from  uterus.  [CmUh.]  Pam  from  sacrum  to  pubts, 
and  from  below  upwards  shooting  up  the  vagitid. 
[RJius;  Sep.]  li hemorrhage;  partly  clotted;  wofst 
from  least  motion.     Atony  of  uterus. 

Back. — Fain  between  sacrum  and  pith  is  from  oft^ 
bone  to  the  other.     Paralytic  pain  iJi  small  of  back. 

Extremities, — Bruised  pains  in  anterior  portion 
of  thighs.  Shooting  in  heels  and  metatarsal  taones. 
Arthritic  pain  in  joints.  Gout;  worse,  in  heated 
room.  Redt  shining  swelling.  Gouty  nodosities 
[Ammon.  phos.] 

Skin. — Fig-warts,  with  intolerable  itching  and 
burning.  Exuberant  granulations.  [Thuj.:  Nft 
ac.]     Warts,     Black  pores  in  skin. 

Modalities. — Worse,  from  least  motion,  heat,  wana 
air.     Better,  in  cool  fresh  air* 

Re  la  tionship .  ^Com  piemen  taxy  [  Tk  uja . 

Compare:  Rosmarinus  (menses  too  early;  violent 
pains  followed  by  uterine  haemorrhage).  CfCi', 
Calc.;  TriiL;  I  pec.;  Millef.;  Eri^. 

Antidote:  Fuh. 


SABIKA SAC.  OFF.^ — SAL.   APUS — SAL-   At  1 1  J.      56  I 


^ 


Dose- — Locally,  for  warts,  tincture.  Internally^ 
thkd  ta  thirtieth  potency. 

SACCHARUM     OFFICOALE, 
(Cane-Sugar.) 

Opacity  of  cornea.  Dim  sight.  Acidity  and 
anal  itching". 

Fat,  bloated,  large-limbed  children,  who  are  cross, 
peevish,  whining;  capricious;  want  dainty  things, 
tit -bits,  and  refuse  substantial  food.  QEdema  of 
feet. 

Relationship. — Compare:  SacckaTUm  lactis  (diu- 
resis ;  amblyopia ;  cold  pains;  great  physical  exhaus- 
tion); Calc;  Arg.  rnt.;  Cmisi. 

Dose. — ^Thirtitth  potency  and  higher.  Locally  in 
gangrene. 

SALAGmELLA     APUS. 


(Snake -Moss,) 


A  perfect  antidote  to  the  bites  of  snakes  and 
spiders.  About  half  a  dram  of  the  moss  is  macer- 
ated with  one  ounce  of  milk.  This  is  drank  and 
bouod  upon  the  wound. 

Compare:  Golondrina;  Cedron;  Indigo. 


SALICYLICUM    ACrDUM. 

(SalicyUc  Acid*) 


The  symptoms  point  to  its  use  in  rheumatism, 
dyspepsia,  and  Meniere* s  disease.  Prostration  after 
influenza. 


I 

i 
I 

4 


\ 


Head. — Vertigo;   tendency   to   fall   to   left   side<        i 
Headache;  confusion  in  head  on  rising  sudde-tdY* 
Jnciptent  coryza.     Piercing  pam  m  teo\'^\«&. 


562  5AL1CYUCUM    ACIOUM — -SALJX    NIGRA, 

Ears.^ — Roaring  and  ringing  (ft  ears.  Deafness, 
with  vertigo. 

Throat. — Sore,  red^  and  swollen.  Phar>'ngitis; 
swallowing  difficult. 

Stomach. — Canker  s&rss^  with  burning  sorene^ 
and  fetid  breath*  Flatulence;  koi^  sour  belching.  Pu- 
trid ferinentation.  Fermeyitaiive  dyspepsia-  Tongue 
purplish,  leaden-colored. 

Steals* — Putrid  dia-irhtea ;  stools  like  green  frog's- 
spawn.     [Magn.  carh.] 

Eitremities. — Knees  swollen  and  painful.  Acute 
articular  rheumatism;  worse,  touch  and  motioiir 
profuse  s  w^eat .  Pai  n  shi  f  t  s .  Sciatica .  bumi  ng  pain  1 
worse  at  night.     Copious  foot -sweat. 

Skin. — Itching  vesicles  and  pustules;  better  hy 
scratching.  Sweat  without  sleep.  Urticaria,  Hot 
and  burning  skin. 

Relationship,— Compare :  Salol  (rheumatic  pain  in 
joints,  with  soreness  and  sti^ness,  headache  over 
eyes;  urine  violet-smelling);  Cokh,;  China;  LacL  ac, 

Dose. — Second  decimal  trituration, 

SALIX    NIGRA. 
(Pussy- Willow.) 

Controls  genital  irritability.  Moderates  sexual 
passion.  In  acute  gonorrhoea,  with  much  erotic 
trouble;  chordee.  After  masturbation;  spemiator- 
rhoea. 

Pemftle,^ — Before  and  during  jnenses  much  ner- 
vous  disturbance,  pain  in  ovaries ;  difficult  menstru- 
ation. 

Relationship . — C  o  m  pa  re :   /  oh  i  nth  in . ;  Ca  nlli . 

Dose. — Material  doses  of  the  tincture,  thirty  drops. 


SALVIA    OPPICINAUS — SAMBUCU.-^    NIGRA.       563 


SALVIA     OFFICmALIS. 

(Sage.) 

I  in  phthisis  mi4h  nigki-sweats  and  suffocatLng 
tickling  cough.  Galactorrhcea.  Exerts  a  tonic  in- 
Huence  on  the  skin, 

Itespiratory. — Tickling  cough,  especially  in  con- 
suxtiption. 

Scin,— Soft,  relaxed,  with  enfeebled  circulation 
and  cold  extremities.     CoUiqtiative  perspiration. 

Relationship, — Compare:  PheUand;  Tuberc;  Sal- 
via scleraia  (tonic  influence  on  nervous  system;  dose, 
teaspoonful  to  one  pint  hot  water,  as  inhalent  and 
for  sponging-). 

Dose.- — Tinctiu-e,  in  twenty-drop  doses,  in  a  little 
water.  The  effects  naanifest  themselves  quickly, 
two  hours  after  talcing  a  dos«,  and  they  persist  for 
I  wo  to  six  days. 


I     Acts  a 


SAMBUCUS    IflGRA, 
(Elder.) 
i~especially  on  the  respiratory  organs. 


Dry 

coryza   of  infants,   snuflles,    cedematous  swellings. 
Profuse  sweat  accompanies  many  affections. 

Mind^-^Sees  images  when  shutting  eyes.  Con- 
iiant  fret}tiln€ss.  Very  easily  frightened.  Fright 
followed  by  suffot^ative  attacks. 

Face.— Turns  blue  with  cough,  Red»  burning 
spots  on  cheeks.     Heat  and  perspiration  of  face* 

Ahdomen. — Colic,  with  nausea  and  flatulence  and 
ir^uent  watesy  sJimy  stoo]&. 


^ 


564  SAMfiUCOS    KIORA. 

Chest. — Oppressed  with  pressure  in  stomach  omA. 
nausea . 

Urine, — Profuse  urioe,  with  dry  heat  of  akju- 
Frequent  micturition^  with  scanty  urine*  Acute  ne- 
phritis; dropsical  symptoms,  with  vomiting'. 

Respiratory, — Hoarseness^  witli  tenacious  mucus 
in  larynx.  Paroxysmal,  suffocative  cough,  coming 
on  aboiti  midnight^  with  crying  and  dyspnoea.  Spas- 
modic croup.  Dry  coryza.  Sniffles  of  infants;  nose 
dry  and  obstructed.  Child  awakens  sttddeftly,  nearly 
stiff ocating,  sits  up,  turns  blue.  Cannot  expire. 
[Meph.]     Millar's  asthma.     [Arum  drat;.] 

ExtremitieB. — -Hands  turn  blue.  CEdematous 
swelUngs  in  legs,  insteps »  and  feet.  Feet  icy  cold 
Debilitating  night-sweats.     [Salvia;  Acei.  ac] 

Fever,— Dry  heat  whilf*  sleeping.  Dreads  uncov- 
ering. Profuse  sweat  aver  eniire  body  during  waking 
hours.  Dry,  deep  cough  precedes  the  fever  parox- 
ysm. 

Skin. — Dry  heat  of  skin  during  sleep.  Bloated 
and  swollen ;  general  dropsy ;  profuse  s^t/eat  on  wj^- 
ing. 

Modalities. — Worse,  during  rest,  after  eating  fruii- 
Beiier,  sitting  up  in  bed,  motion. 

Relationship. — Compare:  I  pec.;  Meph.;  Opium: 
Santbucns  Canadensis  (great  value  in  dropsies;  lai^f 
doses  reqmred — ^iluid  extract,  i  to  r  teaspoonfu! 
three  times  daily). 

Antidotes:  Ars.;  Camph. 

Dose,— Tincture,  to  sixth  potency. 


SANGUINARIA.  565 


SANGUIS  ARIA. 

(Blood-RootO 

Is  a  right-Jsided  remedy  pre -eminently,  and  affects 
cliiefly  the  tuucous  membranes,  sepecially  of  tha  res- 
piratory tract*  It  has  marked  vaso -motor  disturb- 
ances, as  seen  in  the  circumscribed  redness  of  the 
cheeks,  flashes  of  heat^  determination  of  blood  to 
head  and  chest,  distention  of  temporal  vehis,  burn- 
ing in  palms  and  soks,  and  has  been  found  very  ap- 
plicable to  climacteric  disorders.  Burning  sensa- 
tions, hke  from  hot  water.     Phthisis, 

Head. — Worse  right  side,  sun  headache.  Periodi- 
cal sick  headache;  pain  begins  in  occiput,  spreads 
\  Upwards,  and  settles  over  eyes,  especially  right.  Veins; 
\  and  temples  are  distended.  Pain  better  lying  down 
land  sleep.  Headaches  return  at  climacteric;  every 
I  seventh  day.  [Sulph,;  Sabad.]  Pain  in  small  spot 
»over  upper  left  parietal  bone.  Burning  in  eyes* 
Pain  on  the  back  of  head  '*like  a.  flash  of  lightning.** 

Face, — Flushed,  Neuralgia;  pain  extends  in  all 
directions  from  upper  jaw.  Redness  and  burning  0} 
cheeks.  Hectic  ftitsh.  Fullness  and  tenderness  be- 
hind angle  of  jaws, 

Hose. — Hay-fever.  Ozaena,  with  profuse  offen- 
sive yellowish  discharges.  Nasal  polypi.  Coryza, 
followed  by  diarrhoea.  Chronic  rhinitis;  membrane 
dry  and  congested, 

Emra. — Buraing  in  ears.  Earache  with  headache. 
Humming  and  roaring.     Aural  polypus. 

Throat. — Swollen;  worse,  right  side.  Dry  and 
constricted.     Ulceration  of  mouth  and  fauces,  with 


566 


SANGUlNAlttA, 


dry,  burning  sensation.  Tongue  white;  feels  seed- 
ed*    Tonsillitis,     CEdenia  of  larynx. 

Stomach. — Aversion  to  butter.  Craving  for  pi- 
quant things.  Unquenchable  thirst.  Burning, 
vomiting,  Nausea,  with  salivation.  Sinkings  faint 
all -gone  feeling.  [Phos.;  Sep.]  Spitting  up  of  bile; 
gastro -duodenal  catarrh* 

Abdomen. — Diarrhcea  as  coryza  improves.  Pain 
over  region  of  liver.  Diarrhoea;  bilious,  liquid, 
gushing  stool.     [Nai.  sulph.;  hycof^\ 

Female, — Leucorrhoea,  fetid,  corrosive.  Menses 
offensive,  profuse.  Soreness  of  breasts.  Uterine 
polypi.  Before  menses,  itching  of  axillfs.  Climac- 
teric disorders.     [Sulph.  Lack\ 

Respiratory. — Trachea  sore.  Aphonia.  Cough 
of  gastric  origin;  relieved  by  eructation.  Cough, 
with  btirning  pain  in  chest ;  worse,  right  side.  Spu- 
ttim  toughs  rust-colored,  offensive,  ahaost  impossi- 
ble to  raise.  Spasmodic  cough  after  influenza  and 
after  whooping-cough.  Cough  returns  with  everj' 
fresh  cold.  Tickling  behind  sternum  causes  a  con- 
stant hacking  cough ;  worse  at  night  on  lying  down. 
Must  sit  up  in  bed.  Severe  soreness  under  right  nip- 
ple. Hemoptysis  from  suppressed  rnenses.  Severe 
dyspnoea  and  constriction  of  ch  est .  O  ffen  si  ve  breatli 
and  expectoration.  Burning  in  chest  as  of  hot 
steam  from  chest  to  abdomen.  Fibroid  phthisis. 
Pneumonia;  better,  lying  on  back.  Asthma,  with 
stomach  disorders.     [A/'i^je.] 

Eztremities.^Rheuraatism  of  right  shoulder  and 
nape  of  neck,  [Fluor,  ac;  t/rt,]  Burmng  %n  soles 
and  palms.  Rheumatic  pains  in  places  least  cov- 
ered by  flesh ;  not  in  joints.  Toes  and  soles  of  f^^et 
burn. 


r 


SANGUIS  ARIA SAJ*f  GUIN  ARINA    NITRICA.         56? 

Skin, — Antidotes  RJins  poisoning.  Red,  blotchy 
eruptions;  worse  in  spring.  Burning  and  itching; 
worse  by  heat.  Acne,  with  scanty  menses.  [Eugen.; 
BeUfS.;  Bcrb.  aquif.]  Circumscribed  red  spots  over 
malar  bones. 

Modalities,— WffTJ^,  sweets,  right  side,  motion, 
touch*     Better,  acids,  sleep,  darkness. 

Relatiansliip. — Complementary:  Tart.  em. 

Compare:  Jusiicia  (bronchial  catarrh,  coryza, 
hoarseness;  oversensitive).  BelL;  Iris,;  MelUL; 
Lack.;  Ferr.;  Op. 

Bose.^ — Tincture  in  headaches;  sixth  potency  in 
rheumatism. 

SAJfGUINARmA    NITRICA. 
(Ifttrate  of  Sangulnarine.) 

Is  of  use  in  polypus  of  the  nose.  Acute  and  chron* 
ic  catarrh  ►     Acute  pharyngitis.     Infiu^nsa. 

Hose. — Sense  of  obstruct  ion.  Profuse  watery  mu- 
CHS^  with  burning  patn.  Dry  and  burning  nostrils; 
watery  mucus,  with  pressure  over  root  of  nose.  Nos- 
trils plugged  with  thick  yellow,  bloody  mucus. 
Smemag.     Rawness  and  soreness  in  posterior  nares. 

Respiratory,- — Short,  hacking  cough,  with  expec- 
tdration  of  thick,  yellow,  s^veet  mucus.  Pressure 
hikind  center  of  sternum.  Drynessi  and  burning  ixi 
throat  and  bronchi.  Tickling  cough.  Chronic  nasal, 
laryngeal*  and  bronchial  catarrh.  Voice  aUered- 
Right  tonsils  sore  and  rough;  swallowing  difficult. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Sangnin.  tari<iri€i*m  (ex- 
ophthahnos,  mydriasis;  dim  vision);   Hrnjw  iripk  ; 
Psarin.;  KaL  hick, 
Ik>^, — Third  tri t  tira t ion . 


5^8 


SANICULA. 


SAMICULA. 
(The  Water  of  Sanicula  Springs,  Ottawa,  III) 

Has  been  found  a  useful  remedy  in  enuresis,  sea- 
sickness, constipation,  etc. 

Head. — Dread  of  downward  motion.  [Btna^] 
Profuse  sweat  on  occiput  and  in  nape  of  neck  dur- 
ing ssleep,  [Calc,;  SiL]  Photophobia.  Lachryma- 
tion  in  cold  air  or  from  cold  application.  Prof  vise 
scaly  dandruff.     Soreness  behind  ears. 

Throat, — Thick,  ropy,  tenacious  mucus. 

Mouth, — Tongue  large,  flabby »  burning;  mitst  pro- 
trude it  to  keep  it  coob     Ringworm  on  tongue. 

Stomach, — Nausea  and  vomiting  from  car-ridiug 
Thirst;  drink  little  and  often  [Ars.;  Ckin.];  is  vom- 
ited as  soon  as  it  reaches  the  stomach. 

Rectum,— Stools  large  and  painful.  Pain  in 
whole  perinvum.  No  desire  until  a  large  accumuk- 
tion.  After  great  straining  only  partially  expelled; 
recedes; ,  cnimbles  at  verge  of  anus.  [M<xg^  ^^^] 
Very  offeaisive  odor.  Excoriation  of  akin  about 
anus,  perineum,  and  genitals,  Diarrhcea;  chaoge- 
able  in  character  and  color;  after  eating. 

Female. — Bearing-down,  as  if  contents  of  pelvis 
would  escapes  better,  rest.  Desire  to  support  parts. 
Soreness  of  uterus.  Leucorrhoea  with  odor  of  f^- 
brine.     Vagina  feels  large. 

Extremities. — Burning  of  !5oles  of  feet,  [Sulpha 
Lack.]     Offeftsive  foot-sweat.     [Sii^;  Psor^] 

Skin, — Dirty,  greasy,  brownish,  wrinkled. 

Relationship, — Compare:  Abrat.;  Alum,;  C<ik  I 
SiL;  Sulpk 


SAJ^TONlNUM SAPQNARIA. 


569 


SAITTONnrUM. 

(Sanionin.) 

I  The  eye  symptoms  and  those  o£  the  urinary  tract 
[Ere  most  prominent.  It  is  of  unquestioned  value  in 
the  treatment  of  worm  diseases,  Nfghl  cough  of 
children. 

Mead. — Occipital  headache,  with  ckromaiic  kallu- 
cinations.     Itching  of  nose.     Bores  into  nostrils. 

Eyes. — Sudden  dimness  of  sight  Color-blind- 
ntss.     Xanthoptisia,     Strabismus  due  to  worms. 

Motitb-^Tonguo  deep  red.  Grinding  of  teeth. 
Nausea:  better  after  eatixig.     Choking  feeling. 

Urinary. — Urine  greenish.  Incontinence  and  dys- 
wria.      Enuresis. 

Relationship, — Compare:  Ctna;  Tetter.;  Napkth.; 
f^at,  phos.;  SptgeL 

Dose, — Second  to  third  trituration. 


I    ' 


SAPONARIA. 

(Soap-Root.) 

rOf  great  use  in  the  treatment  of  acute  colds, 
ryza,  sore  throat,  etc,     W  ill  often  breait  up  a  cold . 
Mind.— Indifferent,     apathetic,     depressed,     wiik 
sleepiness. 

Head. — Stitching  pain,  supra -orbital;  worse,  left 
pide,  e%'ening,  motion.  Throbbing  over  orbits.  Con- 
bestion  to  head ;  tired  fecUog  in  nape.  Coryza. 
I  Eyes. — Hot  stitches  deep  in  eyeball.  Ciliary  neu- 
ralgia; worse,  left  side.  Photophobia,  Exophthal- 
mos worse  reading  and  writing.  Increased  intra- 
ocular pressure. 


I 


570       SAPONARIA^SARRACHN.— SAttSAPARILLA, 

Stomach. — Diffictdt  swallowing*  Nausea,  htaft- 
burn;  lull  feeling  not  relieved  by  eructation. 

Heart. — Impulse  weak;  pulse  less  trequent.  Pal- 
pitation, with  anxiety^ 

Relationsliip*  — Compare :  Sapoftin  (much  pain  bs- 
fore  the  menstrual  flow;  severe  snre  throat,  worse 
right  side;  tonsils  swollen,  worse  in  warm  room) 
Compare,  also:   Quillaya;  Senega;  Puis. 

SARRACEITIA     PURPtTREA. 

(Pitcher-Plant.) 

A  remedy  for  variola.  Visual  disorders.  Conges- 
tion to  head,  with  irregulfir  heart  action.     Chlorosis 

Eye&, — Photophobia.  Eyes  feel  swollen  and  sore^ 
Pain  in  orbits.     Black  objects  move  with  the  eye. 

Stomach. ^Hungry  all  the  time,  even  after  a 
meal.  Sleepy  during  roeals,  Copious  painful  vom- 
iting. 

Extremities. — Limbs  weak;  bruised  pain  in  koeci 
and  hip-joints.  Bones  in  arm  pain.  Weak  beiwien 
shatilders. 

Skin. — Variola,  Aborts  the  disease;  arrests  pufl- 
tulation. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Tartar  em;  Variola : 
M  aland. 

Dose. — Third  to  sixth  potency. 

SARSAPARILLA. 

(Smikx») 

Eruptions  followiTig^  vaccinations;  boils*  and  ec- 
zema,     Urinary  symptoms  well  marked. 


SARSAPARILLA. 


57^ 


Head* — Pains  cause  depression.  Shooting  pain 
from  above  right  ear  to  the  root  of  nose.  Periosteal 
pains  due  to  venereal  disease.  Influenza.  Scalp 
[sensitive.  Eruption  on  face  and  upper  lip.  Moist 
[eruption  on  scalp.     Crusta  lactea,  beginning  in  face. 

h  Mouth  .^Tongue  white;  aphthc^;  salivation;  me- 
llic  taste;  no  thirst.     Fetid  breath. 
Ahdomen. — Rumbling   and    fermentation.     Colic 
and  backache  at  sante  time.     Much  fla-tus ;  cholera  in- 
Tantum. 

Urinary. — Urine  scanty,  sUmy,  flaicyj  ^andy, 
bloody.  Graveh  Renal  coUc.  Severe  pain  at  con- 
tlusian  of  urination.  Urtne  drtbbles  while  sitting. 
Bladder  distended  and  tender.  Child  screams  be- 
fore and  while  passin^^  urine ^  Sand  on  diaper.  Re- 
tial  colic  and  dysuria  in  infants.  Pain  from  right 
kidney  downward. 

j     Hale, — Bloody    seminal     emissioniii.     Intolerable 
stench  on  genitals.     Herpetic  eruption  on  j^enitaLs. 
ftchingon  scrotum  andperineum.     Syphilis.    Squa- 
tous  eruption  and  bone  pains. 

Female. — Nipples  small,  withered,  retracted.     Be- 
fore  fnenstrttation,    itching   and  humid  eruption   07i 
Tekead.     Menses  late  and  scanty.     Moist  eruption 
right  groin  before  menses. 

[  Sl^in.^ Emaciated,  shriveled,  lies  rn  folds  [Abrot.; 
Sanic],  dry,  flabby.  Herpe^tic  eruptions;  ulcers. 
fLash  from  ex]X)sure  to  open  air;  dry,  itching;  comes 
m  in  spring;  becomes  crusty.  Rhagades;  skin 
sracked  on  hands  and  feet.     Skin  hard,  indti rated. 

Extremities, — Paral>'tic,  tearing  pains.  Trem- 
t»Hng  of  hands  and  feet.  Burning  on  sides  of 
|ngers  and  toes,     ^^leumatism,  bone  pains;  ^cit?,c^ 


1 


572  SARSAP. — SCROPHUL.^ — ^SCUTELLAR, 

at  night.  Deep  rhagades  on  fingers  and  toes;  bum 
under  nails.  Tetters  on  hands;  ulceration  around 
ends  of  fingers.  [Psordn.]  Cutting  sensation  under 
nails.     [Petrol r]    Rheumatic  pains  after  gonorrhoea. 

Modalities, — Worsen  dampness  at  night,  after  uri- 
natingj  when  yawning,  in  spring* 

Relationship. — Complementary i  Merc;  Sep. 

Compare:  Berh^;  Lycop.;  Nai.  w.;  Petrol.;  Sassa- 
fras; Sanruriis  (cystitis  with  strangury).  Cttcurbiia 
cilrdlips. — Watermelon.  (Infusion  of  the  seeds  acts 
promptly  in  painful  urination  with  constriction  and 
backachet  relieves  pain  and  stimulates  flow.) 

Antidote:  Bell. 

Dose* — First  to  sixth  potency. 

SCROPHULAltlA     NODOSA. 

^k  (Knotted  Figwort.) 

A  valuable  skin  remedy.  Eczema  of  ih€  mr. 
Crusta  lactea.  Pruritus  vaginre.  Lupoid  ulcera- 
tion. Scrofulous  swellings.  [Cislus.\  Paivfulk&ni' 
orrhaids.  Nodosities  in  the  breasts  [Scirrhinum] 
Pain  in  all  fiexor  muscles;  painful  b3E?morrhoids. 

Dose. — Tincture  and  first  potency. 

SCUTELLARIA    LATERIFOLU, 

(SkullcapO 

This  is  a  nervous  sedative,  where  nervm^s  fear  pre- 
dominates.     Cardiac  irritability. 

MentflL^F^ar  of  some  calamiiy.  Inability  to  &£ 
attention.     [jEikus.]     Confusion. 

Head. — Dull  frontal  headache.  Eyes  feel  pressed 
ou^'ards.     Flushed  face.     Restless  sleep  and  fright* 


fill  dreams.     Must  move  about.     Night  terrors.     Mi- 
graine; worse,  over  right  eye;  aching  in  eyeballs. 

Stomach. — Natjsea^  sour  eructations^  hiccough; 
pjiin  and  distress.     Gas  in  bowels.     [Lycop.;  Mat. 

Male. — Seminal  emissions  and  impotency,  with 
fear  of  never  being  better. 

Sleep, — Night-terrors;  sleeplessness;  sudden  wake- 
fulness; frightful  dreams. 

Eattremities,— Twitchings  of  muscles;  must  be 
moving.  Chorea.  Tremors.  Sharp  stinging  pains 
in  upper  extremities.  Nightly  restlessness.  Weak- 
ness and  aching. 

Relationship . — Com  pare :  Cyprip . ;  Lycop  us. 

Dose. — Tincture  and  lower  potencies. 


SECALE. 

(ErgotO 

Produces  contraction  of  the  unstriped  muscular 
fibres;  hence  a  constringent  feeling  throughout  the 
Vhole  body.     This  produces  an  anaemic  condition, 
coldness,    numbness,    jjetechi^j   mortification,  gan- 
grene.    A  useful  remedy  for  old  people  with  shriv-  ,^ 
eled    skin, — thin,    scrawny    old    women.     All    th^fl 
&cale   conditions   are   heiier  from   cold.     Hasmor-  ™ 
rhages;  continued  oozing;  thin,  fetid,  watery  black 
blood.     Dehitity,  anx^ie^y,  emaciation,  though  appe- 
Ule  and  thirst  may  be  excessive. 

Head-— Passive  congestive  pain  (rises  from  back 
of  head) ,  with  pale  face.     Head  drawn  back*     Fall- 
ing of  hair:  dry  and  gray.     Noiebleed,  6aT^.  wixvi 
E^es.— Pupils  dilated ,     Iticipietit  c'Ata.t^^^ 


Fall- 


574  SECALE. 

especially  in  women.     Eyes  sunkefi  and  surrounded 
by  a  blue  fttargin. 

Moutli, — Dr^^  Tongite  coated  thick;  viscid,  yel- 
lowish^ cold^  livid.  Tifigltng  of  tip  of  tongue ^  wkkk 
is  stiff. 

Fape, — Pale^  pinched ,  sunken^  Ton^e  swollen, 
paralysed  Cramps  commence  in  faoe  and  spread 
over  w^hole  body*  Livid  spots  on  face.  Spasmodk 
distoriian. 

Stomacli.^  Unnaiural  ravenous  appetile:  cmves 
acids.  Thirst  unquenchable.  Singultus*  niius«a; 
vomiting  of  blood  and  coffee-grounds  fluid.  Btm?- 
ing  in  stomach  and  abdomen;  tympanites. 

Stool. — Cholera -like  stools,  with  coldness  as  d 
cramps.  Olive-green,  Utin,  putrid^  bloody,  7L>jtk  k) 
coldness  aiid  intolerdnce  of  being  covered,  miih  gnd 
exhaustion.  Involmtiary  stools;  no  sensation  of  pass- 
ing fBBces;  anus  wide  open.     [Apis;  Pkos.] 

Urine. — Paralysis  of  bladder.  Retention,  vnih 
unsvtccessfvil  urging.  Discharge  of  black  blood  from 
bladder.      Enuresis  in  old  people. 

FemaJe.— Menstrual  colic,  with  coldness  and  in- 
tolerance of  heat.  Passive  haemorrhages  in  feeble 
cachectic  women ,  B u r ning  pai n s  i n  u t^ru s .  Broun- 
ish  off eij stye  lenvorrkira  Menses  irregular,  copious ^ 
dark;  coniinuons  oozing  of  watery  blood  until  nesr 
period .  Threatened  abortion  about  the  third  mtmth 
[Sab.]  During  labor  no  expiilsi%^e  action,  though 
everything  is  relaxed.  Afterpains.  Suppressio«  of 
milk ;  breasts  do  not  fill  properly.  Dark.  offensUt' 
lochia. 

Chest. — Dys^jncea  and  oppression,  wilh  cramp  in 


SitR. 


575 


diaphra^rn.       Prtccordial  tenclemess.       Palpitation 
with  contracted  and  intermitting  pulse. 

Sleep. — Profound  and  long.  Insomnia  with  rest- 
lessnesSj  fever,  anxious  dreams.  Insomnia  of  drug 
and  liquoT  habiiues. 

Back. — Spinal  irritation,  tin^'ling  of  lower  ex- 
treniitiei^;  can  bear  only  slightest  covering.  Loco- 
fftotof  ataxia.     Formication  and  numbness. 

I  ExtreinitieB. — Trembling,  staggering  gait.  For- 
mication,  pain  and  spasmodic  movements.  Numb- 
ness. Fingers  iind  feet  bluish^  shriveled,  spread 
apart  or  bent  ba^J^wards^  numb.  VioletU  cramps  ^ 
Icy  coldness  of  extremities.  Violent  pain  in  finger 
tips,  tingUng  in  toe?. 

Skis. — ^Shriveledj  numb;  mottled ,  dusky-blue 
tinge.  Scl enema  and  cedema  neonatorum.  Ray- 
naud's disease.  Ainhum,  Dry  gangrene,  de- 
veloping slowly.  Bitrning  sefisation;  better  by 
cold:  tvants  parts  uncovered .  Formica t ion,  petechia?. 
Slight  wounds  oontiiiue  to  bleed.  Livid  spots. 
Boils,  small,  painful,  with  gr^^n  contents;  mature 
slowly,  ^kin  feels  cold  tv  touch,  yet  covering  is  not 
tolerated.     Crmi  aversion  to  heat. 

FcTer. — Coldness;  cold  dry  skin;  cold  clammy 
sweat ;  excessive  thirst. 

Moda lities .— Worse,  h ea I ,  w arm  cover i n g .  Bmer , 
cold,  uncovering,  nibbingj  stretching  out  limbs. 

Relationship.— Compare:  Ergoiin  (when  SecaJe, 
hotjgb  indicated,  fails);  Bras5i£:a  wa^wj— Rape-seed 
"—(dropsical  swellings,  scorbutic  mouth,  voracious 
appetite,  tympanites,  dropping  of  nails,  gangrene); 
Cinfitimon.:  Coich,;  Ars,;  Aurum  mur.  ax  ^loco^no 


k 


576  SECALE — SEDUM    ACB.E~SELBNJttM. 

tor  ataxia) ;  Agrostetna  (vertigo^  headache,  difSctilt 
locomotion,  burning  sensation),      UsiUaga, 
Antidotes:  Co^nph.;  Opiuntr 
Do£e. — Tincture,  to  thirtieth  potency. 


K 


SEDTTM    ACRE. 
(Small  Houseleek.) 

Hsemorrhoidal  pains^  like  those  of  anal  fisgures; 
constricting  pain,  worse  few  hours  after  stooL  Fis- 
sutes. 

Hetationship. — Compare:  Miicuna  uretts  (hsemor- 
rhoidal diathesis  and  diseases  depending  thereon); 
Sedum  ielephicum  (uterine  hemorrhages,  also  of 
bowels  and  rectum;  menorrhagia,  especially  at  cli- 
macteric). 

Dose,^ — ^Tincture  to  sixth  potency. 

SELEWIUM, 
(The  Element  Selenium.) 

Marked  effects  on  the  geni to-urinary  organs,  and 
often  indicated  in  elderly  men,  especially  for  ]>ros- 
t  at  it  i  s  and  sexual  aton  y .      Great  debUiiy;  worse,  heat . 

Mind,  ^Lascivious  thoughts,  with  im  potency. 
Mental  labor  fatigues. 

Head,— Hair  falls  out.  Pain  over  lejl  eye;  worse, 
walking  in  sun,  strong  odors  and  /i?a.  Scalp  faels 
tense. 

Throat* — Incipient  tuberciilar  laryngitis.  Hawk- 
ing and  raising  transparent  lumps  of  mucus  every 
morning.  Hoarseness.  Cough  in  morning,  with 
expectoration  of  bloody  mucus. 


!4ELENIT:M— SHMPFRVIVIM    TErTORlTM.  577 

Stomach.— Desire  for  brandy.  Sweetish  taste. 
Hiccough  and  eructations  after  smoking:* 

Abdomen. -^Chronic  liver  affections;  Uver  painful, 
enlarged,  with  fine  rash  ot*er  liver  region. 

Urinary. — Sensation  in  the  tip  of  urethra  as  if  a 
biting  drop  were  forcing  its  way  out,  Invohintary 
dribfohng:- 

Htk. — Dribbling  of  semen  during  sleep.  Drib- 
bling of  prostatic  ftnid.  Irritability  after  coitus. 
Uss  of  sexual  power,  with  lasciviotis  fancies.  Semen 
thin, 

SkiJU— Dry,  scaly  eruption  in  palms,  with  itchitig. 
Itching  about  the  ankles.  Hair  falls  out  from 
brows,  beard,  and  genitals.  Vesicular  erupt  ion  be- 
tween fingers.  [Rhus;  A  hoc.]  Seborrhoea  oleosa, 
comedones  tinth  an  oily  surface  of  thf  skin^  acne, 
alopecia. 

Eattremities*^ Paralytic  pains  in  small  of  back  in 
the  morning.     Tearing  pains  in  hands  at  night. 

ModsLiltie^**— 'Worse,  after  sleep.  In  hot  w  tat  her, 
frcifii  Cinchona,  draught  of  air,  tea. 

Rel&tioitBliip. — Incompatible:  China;  Wine. 
Compare:  Phosph.;  Agnus;  Calad.;  Sulphur. 
Atitidotes:  Ign.;  Puis. 

JJose.'^Sixth  to  thirtieth  potency. 


SEMPERVIVUM     TECTORUM. 

(Houseleek,) 


fls  recormmended  for  herpes  zoster  &nd  canc^r^ms 
iuviwrs.     Ringwonn.     Hieniarrhoids,    Itiduratton  oC 


57^  SBMPBRVIVUlf   TBCTORUM — SBNBCIO. 

Skin. — ^Erysipelatous  affectioiis.  Warts  and  corns. 
Aphthae.     Flushed  sur&ce  and  stinging  pains. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Sedum  acn — small 
Houseleek — (scorbutic  -conditions;  ulcere,  intermit- 
tent fever). 

]>08e. — ^Fresh  juice  of  plant  or  tincture.  Locally, 
for  bites  of  insects,  stings  of  bees,  and  poisoned 
wounds. 

SENECIO. 
(Golden  Ragwort) 

Its  action  on  the  female  organism  has  been  clini- 
cally verified.  Urinary  organs  also  affected  in  a 
marked  degree. 

Mind. — Inability  to  fix  mind  upon  any  one  sub- 
ject.    Despondent. 

Head. — Dull,  stupefying  headache.  Wavelike  diz- 
ziness from  occiput  to  sinciput.  Sharp  pains  over 
left  eye,  and  through  left  temple.  Fullness  of  nasal 
passages;  burning;  sneezing;  profuse  flow. 

Face. — ^Teeth  very  sensitive.  Sharp  cutting  pain 
left  side.     Dryness  of  fauces,  throat,  and  mouth. 

Stomachs — Sour  eructations;  nausea. 

Abdomen. — Pain  around  umbilicus;  spreads  all 
over  abdomen ;  better,  stool.  Thin  watery  stool,  in- 
termingled with  hard  lumps  of  faeces.  [Ant.  crud] 
Straining  at  stool;  thin,  dark,  bloody,  with  tenesmus. 

Urinary. — Scanty,  high-colored,  bloody,  with  much 
mucus  and  tenesmus.  Great  heat  and  constant  urg- 
ing. Nephritis.  Irritable  bladder  of  children,  with 
headache.     Renal  colic.     [Pareira;  Ocim.;  Berb.] 

Male. — Lascivious  dreams,  with  involuntary  emis- 


SENECIO — SENEGA. 


579 


^ions.      Prostate    etilargcd.     Dull,    heavy     pain     in 
[Sfiertoatic  cord^  extending  to  testicles* 

"Petaale.—Afenses  retarded,  suppressed,  [BtiL; 
Copi^;  Dale.;  Graph^;  Kah  c;  Lach.;  Li^c.;  Ptils.; 
SiL;  StilplL]  After  menstruation  commences,  tho- 
racic and  vesical  symptoms  improve.  Anaemic  dys- 
menorrhcea,  with  urinary  disturbances.  Premature 
and  too  profuse  menses.     [Calc;  Erig.] 

Respiratory, — Hoan^eness.  Cough  loose,  with  la- 
bored inspiration.  Chest  sore  and  raw.  Dyspnoea 
on  ascending.     [Cak.] 

Sleep,— Great  drowsiness^  w^ith  unpleasant  dreams. 
Nervousness  and  sleeplessness, 

Relatioiisliip,^ — Compare:  Senecio  Jacobma  (cere- 
brO'Spinal  irritation ,  rigid  muscles^  chiefly  of  neck 
and  shoulders);  Aletris;  Caidop.;  Sep. 

Dose* — Tincture,  to  third  potency,  Senecin,  first 
trituration. 


SENEGA, 

'  (Snake  wort.) 

Catarrhal  symptoms,  esx>ecially  of  the  respiratory 
tractt  and  distinct  eye  symptoms  of  a  paralytic  type, 
'  are  most  characteristic.  Circumscribed  sfjots  in 
chest  left  after  inflammations. 

Mind, ^Suddenly  remembers  unimportant  re- 
gions w  hich  he  saw  long  ago.     Inchned  to  quarreL 

Head, — Dullness,  with  press; are  and  weakness  of 
eyes*     Pain  in  temples. 

Eyes.^Blepharitis ;  lids  dry  and  crusty.    [Graph^] 

Dryness,  with  sensation  as  if  too  large  for  orbits, 

I  Stanng,     Lachrymation.        Flickering;  must  "wi^ 


58o  8BKBGA. 

eyes  frequently.  Objects  look -shaded.  Muscular 
asthenopia.  [Causi.]  Double  visioil;  better  only 
by  bending  head  backward.  Opacities  of  the  vitre- 
ous humor.  Promotes  absorption  pf  fragments  of 
lens  after  operation. 

Nose.-^Dry.  Coryza;  much  watery  mucus  and 
sneezing.     Nostrils  feel  peppery. 

Face. — Paralysis  of  left  side  of  face.  Heat  in 
face.     Burning  vesicles  in  comers  of-,  mouth  ahd 

lips.  ,       .  r  •  . 

Throat. — Catarrhal  inflammation  of  throat  and 
fauces,  with  scraping  hoarseness.  Biiming  and  raw- 
ness.    Sensation  as  if  membrane  hdd  been  abraded. 

Respiratory. — ^Hoarseness.  Hurts  tO*  talk.  Ca- 
tarrh of  larynx.  Loss  of  voice.  Hacking  cough. 
Thorax  feels  too  narrow.  Cough  often  ends  in  a 
sneeze.  Rattling  in  chest.  [Tart.]  Chest  oppressed 
on  ascending.  Bronchial  catarrh,  with  sore  chest 
walls;  much  mucus;  sensation  of  oppression  and 
weight  of  chest.  DifficMt  raising  of  tough  profuse 
miicus  in  the  aged.  Exudations  in  pleura.  Hydro- 
thorax.  [Merc,  sulph.]  Pressure  on  chest  as 
though  lungs  were  forced  back  to  spine. 

Urinary. — Greatly  diininished;  loaded  with  shreds 
and  mucus;  scalding  before  and  after  urinating. 

Modalities. — Worse,  walking  in  open  air,,  dtiring 
rest.     Better,  from  sweat;  bending  head  back. 

Relationship; — Compare:  Caust.;  Phos.;  Saponin.: 
Ammon.;  Calc;  Nepeta  (to  break  up  a  cold). 

Dose. — Tincture,  to  thirtieth  potency. 


SENNA- — SISPIA  S8t 

SENNA. 
(Akxandrian  Senna.) 

Is  of  much  asc  in  infantile  colics  when  tht;  cliild 
j^ccms  to  \m  full  of  wind.  Oxaluria,  with  excess  of 
urea;  increased  specific  gravity.  Where  the  system 
k  hi^oken  down,  bowels  constipated,  muscuUr  weak- 
ness, and  waste  of  nitrogenous  material.  Senna  will 
act  as  a  tonic.     Ebullitions  of  bloo^i  at  night. 

StooL — Fluid,  yellowish,  with  pinching  pains  be- 
fore. Greenish  mucus;  neve r-get -done  sensation. 
[Mcrc^]  Burning  in  rectum,  with  strangury  of  blad- 
dcr,  Conirtipation ;  stools  hard  and  dark;  with  loss 
of  apiietite*  eoateil  tunguc,  bad  taste,  and  wvaknc^s. 

Relationship. — Compare:   Kali  curb.:  Jala^a. 

Antidotes:  Nux;  Ckam^ 

Dose.— Third  to  sixth  potency. 

^^^  SEPIA. 

^^^m.  CXnky  Juice  of  Cuttlefish.) 

Acts  specially  vn  the  [lortal  system,  with  venous 
congestion.  Weakness,  yellow  complexion,  beaiing- 
down  sensation,  especially  in  women,  upon  wh,ose 
orgf^nisxn  it  has  most  pronounced  effect.  Pains  ex- 
tend down  to  back;  chills  ea^sily.  Tendency  to  abor- 
tion. [ZtMi:,]  U pward  tendency  of  its  .svinptoms, 
Easy  fainting.     "Ball**  sensation  in  inncfr  parU. 

Mind. — Indiffere^tt  to  those  loved  best.  Averse 
to  occupation,  ta  family.  Irritable;  easily  offended. 
Dreads  to  be  alone*  Ver.y  sad.  Miserly.  Anxious 
ifjward  evening;  indolent. 

Head* — Vertigo,  with  sensation  of  something  tq\V- 


* 


582  SEPIA. 

ing  round  in  head.  Prodromal  symptoms  of  apo- 
plexy. Stinging  pain  from  within  outward  and  up- 
ward, mostly  left,  or  in  forehead,  with  nausea,  vom- 
iting; worse  indoors  and  when  lying  on  painful  side. 
Jerking  of  head  backwards  and  forwards.  Coldness 
of  vertex.  Headache  in  terrible  shocks  at  menstrual 
nisus,  with  scanty  flow.  Hair  falls  out.  Open 
fontanelles. 

Nose. — Thick,  greenish  discharge;  thick  plugs  and 
crusts.      Yellow  saddle  across  nose. 

Eyes. — Muscular  asthenopia;  black  spots  in  the 
field  of  vision;  asthenic  inflammations,  and  in  con- 
nection with  uterine  troubles. 

Face. — ^Yellow  blotches;  pale  or  sallow;  yellow 
about  mouth. 

Mouth. — ^Tongue  white.  Taste  salty,  putrid. 
Tongue  foul,  but  clears  during  menses.  Swelling 
and  crackijig  of  lower  lip.  Pain  in  teeth  from  6  p. 
M .  till  midnight ;  worse  on  lying. 

Stomach. — Feeling  of  goneness;  not  relieved  by 
eating.  [Carb.  an.]  Nausea  at  smell  or  sight  of 
food.  Tobacco  dyspepsia.  Everything  tastes  too 
salty.  [Carbo  veg.;  Chin.]  Band  of  pain  about  four 
inches  wide  encircling  hypochondria.  Nausea  in 
morning  before  eating.  Disposition  to  vomit  after 
eating.  Burning  in  pit  of  stomach.  Longing  for 
acids  and  pickles.     Worse,  after  milk. 

Abdomen. — Flatulent,  with  headache.  Liver  sore 
and  painful;  relieved  by  lying  on  right  side.  Many 
brown  spots  on  abdomen.  Feeling  of  relaxation  aind 
bearing-down  in  abdomen. 

Rectum. — Bleeding  at  stool  and  fullness  of  rec- 
tum.    Constipation;  large,  hard  stools;  feeling  of  a 


SS3 


hall  in  rectum^  cannot  strain.  Dark-bruwn  round 
balls  glued  together  with  mucus.  Soft  stool,  diffi- 
cult. Prolapsus  ani.  [Pod,]  Almost  constant  002- 
tng  from  anus.  Infantile  diarrhoea  *  worse  from 
boiled  milhr  and  rapid  exhaustion*  Pains  shoot  ufj 
in  rectuQi  and  vagina. 

Urinary, — Red,  adhesive  sand  in  urine.  Involun- 
tary urination  during  first  sleep. 

Hale. — Organs  cold.  Offensive  perspiration. 
Gleet ^  discharge  from  urethra  only  during  night;  no 
l>ain.     Condylomata  surround  head  of  penis. 

Femflle. — Pelvic  organs  relaxed.  Bearing-down 
sensation  as  if  everything  would  escape  through  vulva 
[BdL;  Krcos,;  Lac.  c;  LiL  ^;  Nat.  c;  Pod.]\  must 
cross  limbs  to  prevent  protrusion,  or  press  against 
vulva*  Leucorrhtiea,  ycUow,  gret;nish,  with  much 
itching.  Menses  too  late  and  scanty  [Cim^;  Dttk.; 
Graph.;  Kali  c;  Natr^  $n.;  Puis.;  Sulph,];  irregular; 
early  and  profuse:  sharp  clutching  f sains.  Violent 
stitches  upward  in  the  vagina,  from  uterus  to  um- 
hilk'us.  Prolapse  of  uterus.  [Arg.  nt.;  Arg.  n,; 
.4«r.;  Lil  ;  Pali.;  Plat.;  Puis.;  Rhns]  and  vagina. 
[Alufn  ;  BdL;  Ferr . ;  Kreos, ;  Lack , ;  Ni tx  m . ;  Nux  v , ; 
Stann.]     Morning  sickness. 

Respirator y.^DrVs  fatiguing  cough,  apparently 
coming  from  stomach.  (Jppressiun  of  chest  morn- 
ing and  evening.  Dyspnct^a;  worse,  after  sleep; 
better,  raijid  motion^  Cough  in  morning,  with  pro- 
fuse expectoration,  tasting  saity.  [Ph{?s,;  Ambr^] 
Hypoiitatic  pleuritis.  Whooping-cough  that  drags 
on. 

Back,— TyeaA'MCJrs  in  small  of  back.  Pains  rxicnd 
ini0  back.     Coldness  between  i^houlders. 


584  SEPIA. 

Extremities. —  Lower  extremities  lame  and  stiff. 
Heaviness  and  >)ruised  feeling. 

Fever. — Frequent  flushes  of  heat ;  sweat  from  least 
motion.  General  lack  of  warmth  of  body.  Feet 
cold  and  wet.  Shivering,  with  thirst;  worse,  to- 
wards evening. 

Skin. — Herpes  circinatus  in  isolated  spots.  Itch- 
ing; not  relieved  by  scratching;  worse  in  bends  of 
elbow^s  and  knees.  Chloasma;  herpetic  eruption  on 
lips  and  about  mouth  and  nose.  Ringworm-like 
eruption  every  spring.  Urticaria  on  going  in  open 
air;  better  in  warm  room.  Hyperidrosis  and  bro- 
midrosis.  Sweat  on  feet,  worse  on  toes,  intolerable 
odor.  Lentigo  in  young  women.  Ichthyosis  with 
offensive  odor  of  skin. 

Modalities. — Worse,  forenoons  and  evenings;  wash- 
ing, laundry-work,  cold  air,  before  thunderstorm. 
Better,  by  exercise,  pressure,  warmth  of  bed,  hot 
applications,  drawing  limbs  up. 

Relationship. — Complementary:  Nat.  mur.  Nux 
intensifies  action. 

Inimical:  Lack.;  Puis. 

Compare:  Lit.;  Miirex;  Silica;  Sulph,;  Asperula 
(leucorrhcea  of  young  girls);  Ozonnni  (sacral  pain; 
tired  feeling  through  pelvic  viscera  and  perineum); 
Dictammis  (metrorrhagia,  leucorrhoea,  and  con- 
stipation. Lapathiim  (Leucorrhoea  with  constric- 
tion and  expulsive  effort  through  womb  and  pain 
in  kidneys). 

Dose. — Sixth  to  30th  and  200th  potency.  ShouM 
not  be  used  too  low  or  1)0  repeated  too  frequently. 


5^S 


SILICEA. 

(Silica.     Pure  Plint,) 

perfect  Lissiniilatioii,  and  con.sequcnt  defective 
ntitrition.  Scrofulous,  rachitic  children*  with  large 
head,  open  fontanelles  and  SbU Lures ^  distended  ab- 
domen, slow  in  walking.  ///  effects  of  vitccination . 
Suppurative  processes.  Lack  of  vital  heat.  Pros- 
tration of  mind  and  body.  Great  sensitiveness  to 
taking  cold.  Intolerance  of  alcoholic  stimulants. 
Ailments  attended  with  pus  formation.  Epilepsy. 
Want  of  grit,  moral  or  physical 

Mind* --^Yielding,  faint-hearted^  anxious.  Sensitive 
to  all  impressions,  Braiivfag,  ObHtinate,  head- 
strong childr4^n.  Abstracted.  Fixed  ideas>;  thinkii 
only  of  pins,  fears  theni,  searches  and  counts?  them , 

Head.^Aches  from  fasting.  Vertigo  from  look- 
ing up"  better ,  ivrapping  up  ivarmly.  Profuse  sweai 
of  head,  offensive,  and  extends  to  neck.  Pain  he- 
gins  in  occiput,  and  spreads  over  head  and  settles 
over  eyes. 

Eyes.— Angles  of  eyes  affected-  Swelling  of  lach- 
rymal duct.  Aversion  to  M^hX,  especially  daylight; 
it  produces  da^ding.  Vision  confused;  letters  run 
together  on  reading.  Styes-  Iritis  and  irido- 
choroiditis,  with  pus  in  anterior  chamber.  Per- 
t orating  or  sloughing  ulcer  of  cornea.  Abscess  in 
.cornel  after  traumatic  injury.  Cataract  in  office 
workers. 

Ears. — Fetid  discharge.  Cancb  k.>\  jua&tuid.  Ltrnd, 
pistol-like  report.  Sensitive  to  noise,  /<t/af?nj^'  in 
ears. 

lose,— Itching    at    ]M.>int    uf    nose.     Uvy,   WtCL 


586  SILICEA. 

crusts  form,  bleeding  when  loosened.  Nasal  bones 
sensitive.  Sneezing  in  morning.  Loss  of  smell. 
Perforation  of  septum. 

Face. — Skin  cracked  on  margin  of  lips.  Eruption 
on  chin. 

Mouth. — Sensation  of  a  hair  on  tongue.  Gums 
sensitive  to  cold  air.  Boils  on  gums.  Abscess  at 
root  of  teeth.  Pyorrhoea.  {Merc,  cor.]  Sensitive 
to  cold  water. 

Throat. — Periodical  quinsy.  Pricking  as  of  a  pin 
in  tonsil.  Colds  settle  in  throat.  Parotid  gland 
swollen.  [Bell.;  Rhus;  Calc.]  Stinging  pain  on 
swallowing.     Hard  cold  swelling  of  cervical  glands. 

Stomach. — Disgust  for  meat  and  warm  food.  On 
swallowing  food,  it  easily  gets  into  posterior  nares. 
Want  of  appetite;  thirst  excessive.  Sour  eructa- 
tions after  eating.  [Sepia;  Calc]  Pit  of  stomach 
painful  to  pressure.  Vomiting  after  drinking.  [Ars; 
Verat.] 

Abdomen. — Hard,  bloated.  Colic;  cutting  pain, 
with  constipation,  with  yellow  hands  and  blue  nails. 
Much  rumbling  in  bowels.  Inguinal  glands  swollen 
and  painful.     Hepatic  abscess. 

Rectum. — Feels  paralyzed.  Fistula  in  ano. 
[Herb.;  Lach.]  Fissures  and  hajmorrhoids,  painful, 
with  spasm  of  the  sphincter.  Stool  comes  down  with 
dijjiculty;  when  partly  expelled  recedes  again.  Great 
straining;  rectum  stings.  Faeces  remain  a  long  time 
in  rectum.  Constipation  always  before  and  during 
menses,  with  irritable  sphincter  ani.  Diarrhoea  of 
cadaverous  odor. 

Urinary. — Bloody,  involuntary,  with  red  or  yel- 
low    sediment.     Prostatic    fluid    discharge    when 


S3UCEA.  5^7 

straiiiing  at  sLooL     Nocturnal  enurtjsia  in  children 
with  worms. 

Male^ — Burning  and  soreness  of  genitals,  with 
eruption  on  inner  surface  of  thighs.  Chronic  go  nor- 
rhcea,  with  thick  ft^tid  discharge.  Elephantiasis  of 
scrotum.  Sexual  erethisin;  noctiu^nal  emissions. 
Hydrocele. 

Female. — A  milky  [Cak.   c;   Pals.;  Sep.],  acrid 
leucorrhoea,  during  urination.     Itching  of  vulva  and 
vagina;  very  sensitive.     Discharge  of  blood  between 
menstrual  periods.     Increased  menses,  with  parox- 
ysms of  icy  coldness  aver  whale  bi^dy*     Nipples  very 
sore;  ulcA-ated  easily;  drawn  in.     [Carb.  an,;  Con.; 
Cuttd.;  Nnx  m.;  Sars]     Fistulous  ulcers  of  breast. 
[Phos.]     Abscess  of   labia.     [Merc]     Discharge   of 
blood  from  vagina  every  time  child  is  ntirsed.     Vag- 
inal cysts.     [Lye.;   Puis.;   Riiod.]     Hard  lumps  in 
breasts.     [Conmm.] 
Ij^Jfcespiratory, — Cough  and   sore  throat,   with  ex- 
Bitetoration  of  httle  granules  like  shot,  which,  when 
broken,  smeU  very  offensive  ►     Cough »  with  expec- 
toration in  day,  blood}^  or  purulent.     Stitches  in 
chest  through  to  hack.      Violent  cough  whmi  Lying 
d^mm.  With  thick  yellow,  lumpy  expectoration;  suppu- 
rative stage  of  phthisis.     Bronchorrhoea  of  old  peii- 
ple,  with  offensive  expectoration.     [Bals.  Peru.] 
Back, — Weak  spine;  very  susceptible  to  draughts 
I  on  back.     Pain  in  coccyx.     Spinal  irritation  after 
'  injuries  to  spine;  diseases  of  bones  of  spine;  Pott*s 
disease. 

Sleep, — ^i^ighi-walking  [Kali  phos.];  get^  up  while 
asleep.  Sleeplessness,  with  great  orgasm  of  blood 
and  heat  in  head.  PYequent  starts  in  sleep.  Anx- 
dreams.     Exces^iive  gaping. 


S88 


Extremities.  — Tremulous  hands  when  using  them. 
Puralvtic  weaknes^a  of  fareami.  Affeciiirtts  of  finger- 
milis,  eB|jeciaHy  if  white  spots  on  nails,  ingrowing 
toe-nails.  ley-add  ami  :sweaty  fvct.  The  parts  lain 
on  go  to  jiUrfj.  Offensive  sweat  on  hands,  feet,  and 
axillse,  Scnsatirm  ill  tips  of  ti tigers,  as  if  suppurat- 
ing. Paimritiuni.  Pain  in  ktiee,  as  tightly  bound, 
Calves  tonse  and  contracted.  Pain  beneath  to^. 
Soles  sore.     [Ruia.] 

Skin. — ^Delicate,  |>ale,  wax  v.  Cracks  at  end  of 
fingers-  f.S'arj.;  Fcir.]  Felons^  abscesses^  hoiht  old 
fistulous  uk'i'rs.  Painless  swelling  ot  glands.  Rose- 
colored  blotches.  Scars  suddenly  becotnt  painftil 
Ever  y  litt  le  i  n  i  tiry  su  ppurat  es .  [  Hep , ;  Grap .]  Crip- 
pled nails .  1  n  diirat  ed  t  umors .  A  bscesses  o£  j  oi  nis. 
After  impurt;  vaccination  Bitrsa.  Lepra,  nodes, 
and  copi:)ery  spots. 

Fever.— Chilli nes!^ ;  very  sensitive  to  cold  air, 
Creeping  shivering  over  the  whole  body.  Cold  ex* 
tremities.  e\-en  in  a  wartn  room.  Sweat  at  night; 
worse  towards  morning-     Suffering  parts  fvH  cold. 

Modalities. — Worse,  new  moon,  in  morning,  £rom 
washing,  durinj^  menses,  vincovering,  lying  doi?rn^ 
Better,  warmth,  wrapping  vtp  head. 

Rela  tionship, — Ct^m  pi  c  m  en  tar^^ :  Thu  fa ;  Sank. : 
Puis. 

Campiire;  Hi' p.;  Kali  pkos.;  Pic.  ac,;  Cakr,  Phos,; 
Tahasheer — Bamboo  Silica — (is  td  be  preferred  for 
the  acute  ct>nditions  calling  for  Silit^a)  ■  Matrum  silt' 
cutn  {tumors,  haemophilia ^  arthritis;  dose,  three 
drops  three  time^^  daily,  in  milk) ;  Firrrtim  t:yanatm*i 
(epilepsy;  neuroses,  with  irritable  w^eakness  and  liy- 
persensitlveness,  especially  of  a  periodical  characterj 
Sflica  marimi  (Sea- sand).     Inllamed  glandSx     Con* 


SILICEA— SILPiniJM— ^INAPIS    NlflRA, 


589 


I  Etipation,  Arundo  donux  (tuts  on  excretory  and 
I  generative  organs;  suppuration ^  especially  chronic, 
I  and  tvhere  the  ulceration  is  fistulous^  especially  in 
I  long  bone^). 

\  Do&e. — Sixth  to  thirtieth  potency.  The  2ocith 
^  and  higher  of  tinquestiorLCti  activity. 


j^-^  SILPHIUM. 

^V'  (Rosm-Weed.) 

I  Is  used  in  various  forms  of  asthma  and  chronic 
bronchitis.  Catarrh  of  bladder.  Catarrhal  influ- 
enza. Dysentery;  attack  preceded  by  constipated 
stools  covered  with  white  mucus. 

Respiratary. — Expectoration  profuse,  stringy, 
frothy,  1  ight -colored ^  Constriction  of  lungs.  Ca- 
tarrh, with  copious,  stringy^  mucous  discharges  ► 
Desire  to  hawk  and  scrape  throat. 

Re  la  tionsMp.^  Compare:  AraL;  Copaiv.;  Tcreh,; 
Cubih,;  Samb.;  Silphton  cynnakum  (phthisis  pul- 
rnonum^  w4th  incessant  cough,  profuse  night -s%veats, 
emaciation,  etc.);  Pol){^ofjtim  avt'culare  (has  been 
found  useful  in  phthisis,  when  given  in  material 
doses  of  the  mother  tincture);  Salvia  (tickling 
coughs)  ►  Arum  dracontium  (loose  cough  at  night 
on  lying  down),  justiiia  adhatoda  (1  bronchial  ca- 
tarrh ,  h  oarsenei^i  o  v  er se  miti ve) , 

Dose* — Third  potency.  ^wer  triUtraiions  pre- 
ferred by  some, 

SINAPIS    NIGRA. 

[Black  Mustard.) 

Is  of  use  in  hay-fever,  coryza,  and  pharyngitis. 
Drv  narcs  and  pharynx,  with  thick*  lumpy  ^ectCilvau, 


590     SINAPIS SKOOKUM-CHUCK SOLAN.    LYC. 

Ifose. — Scanty,  acrid  discharge.  Stoppage  of  left 
nostril  all  day,  or  in  afternoon  and  evening.  Dry, 
hot,  with  lachrymation,  sneezing,  hacking  cough; 
better,  lying  down.     Nostrils  alternately  stopped. 

Throat. — Feels  scalded,  hot,  inflamed.  Loud 
coughing-spells,  with  barking  expiration. 

Stomach. — Offensive  breath,  smelling  like  onions. 
[Asaf.;  Armor ac.]  Burning  in  stomach,  extending 
up  oesophagus,  throat,  and  mouth,  which  is  full  of 
canker-sores.  Hot  sour  eructations.  Colic;  pains 
come  on  while  bent  forward;  better,  sitting  up  straight. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Capsic.;  Colocy.  Sin- 
apis  alba  (throat  symptoms  marked,  especially  burn- 
ing, with  obstruction  in  oesophagus;  similar  symp- 
toms in  rectum). 

Dose. — Third  potency. 

SKOOKUM-CHUCK. 
(Salts  from  water  from  Medical  Lake.) 

Otitis  media.  Profuse,  ichorous,  cadaverously 
smelling  discharge.  Lithaemia.  Catarrh.  Urti- 
caria.    Skin  affections. 

Dose. — Third  trituration. 

SOLANUM     LYCOPERSICUM. 

(Tomato.) 

Marked  symptoms  of  rheumatism  and  influenza. 
Severe  aching  pains  all  over  body.  Head  always 
shows  signs  of  acute  congestion.  Haj'-fever,  with 
marked  aggravation  from  breathing  the  least  dust. 

Head, — Bursting  pain,  beginning  in  occiput  and 


SOLAN UM    LYCL),  — SDLANUM    XlGRUM.  591 

spreadinj^  all  over.     Whole  head  feels  sore,  bruised, 
after  pain  has  ceased. 

Eyes. — Dull,  heavy;  ache;  pupils  contracted- 
Nose, — Profuse     watery     coryza;     drops     down 
throat*     Itching  in  anterior  chamber;  worse,  breatli- 
ing  any  dust;  better,  indoors. 

Respiratory, — Voice  husky.  Pain  in  chest,  ex- 
tending to  head.  Hoarseness;  constant  desire  to 
clear  throat.  Explosive  cough,  deep  and  harsh, 
Chest  oppressed. 

Urine. — Constant  dribbling  in  open  air.  Must 
rise  at  night  to  urinate. 

Extremities. — Aching  through  back.  Dull  pain 
ill  lumbar  region.  Sharp  pain  in  right  deltoid  and 
pecioratis  muscles.  Pain  deep  in  middle  of  right 
arm*  Rheumatic  pain  In  right  elbfjw  and  wrist, 
and  hand  of  both  slides.  Intenf^e  aching  in  lower 
limbs.     Right  crural  neuralgia. 

Modalities. — W0rse,  right  side,  open  air,  contin- 
ued motion;  noises.     Better ^  warm  room. 

Relationship. — Compare:    Bellad.    (follows    well); 
Eup,  perl  ;  Rhus;  San^uin.;  Bapi, 
Dose> — Third  to  thirtieth  potency, 

SOLARUM  JTIGRUM. 
(Black  iriglitshade.) 
Used  with  success  in  ergotism,  with  tetanic 
spasms  and  stiffness  of  whole  body,  with  mania. 
Marked  action  on  head  and  eyes.  Mcniytgitis. 
Brain  irritation  during  dentition.  Restlessness  of 
a  violent  and  convulsive  nature.  Formication  with 
contraction  of  extremities. 

Head* — Furious     delirium.         Vertigo;     ternH^ 


593  SOLANUM  HIORUM — SOUDAOO   TBROA. 

headache  and  complete  cessation  of  the  mental 
faculties.     Night   terrors.     CongesUw  headache. 

Nose. — ^Acute  coryza;  profuse  watery  ducfufrge 
from  right  nostril;  left  stopped  up,  with  chiUy  sen- 
sation, alternating  with  heat. 

Eyes.' — Pain  over  both  eyes.  Alternate  dilata- 
tion and  contraction  of  pupils;  weak  sight;  floating 
spots. 

Fever. — ^Alternation  of  coldness  and  heat.  Scarlet 
fever;  eruption  in  spots,  large  and  livid. 

Relationship. — Compare:  BeUad,;  Solanum  Caro- 
linense  (convtdsions  and  epilepsy,  twenty-  to  forty- 
drop  doses;  is  of  great  value  in  grand. JBal  ol  idio- 
pathic type,  where  the  disease  has  begun  beyond  age 
of  childhood;  hystero-epilepsy,  also  in  whoopiog- 
cough);  Solan,  mammosum  (pain  in  left  hip-joint); 
Solan,  oleraceum  (swelling  of  mammary  gland,  with 
profuse  secretion  of  milk) ;  Solan,  tuberosum  (cramps 
in  calves  and  contraction  of  fingers;  spitting  through 
closed  teeth);  Solan,  vesicarium  (recommended  in 
facial  paralysis);  Solanum  aceticum  (threatening 
paralysis  of  the  lungs  in  the  course  of  bronchitis  in 
the  aged  and  children);  Solan,  pseudo-caps,  (acute 
pains  in  lower  abdomen);  Solan,  tuberos.  (Bgrotans 
(prolapse  of  the  rectum,  patulous  anus;  offensive 
breath  and  odor  of  body). 

Dose. — Second  to  thirtieth  potency. 

SOLDDAGO    VERGA. 

(Golden-rod.) 

Pain  in  region  of  kidneys,  with  dysuria.  Kidneys 
sensitive  to  pressure.  The  urinary  symptoms  v«^' 
marked.     Dysuria.     Gravel.     Bright 's  disease. 


SOLIDAGU SPARTIUM    SCOP.^ SPIGELIA.  593 

XJnnt^^Diljicidi  aful  scanly.  Dark*  thick  sedi- 
ment. Albumen,  blood,  and  slime  in  urine.  Asth- 
ma ^  with  nightly  dysurla.  Pain  in  kidneys  extend 
forward  to  abdomen  and  bladder.  [Berb]  Clear 
and  offimsive  urim\ 

Skm. — Blotches,  especially  on  lower  exlreniittes; 
itch*  Exanthema  of  lower  extremities,  with  urinary 
disttirlmnces, 

Dose* — Tincture,  to  third  potency. 

SPARTIUM    SCOPARIUM— SCOPARIUS. 
(Broom.) 

The  alkaloid,  Sparteinum  sul|jhuricuTii,  is  of  use 
in  functional  and  organic  cardiac  diseaKes.  Best 
where  Digitalis  fails  or  is  contra-indicated.  Albu- 
minuria.  Very  useful  hypodermically,  i-io  to  } 
grain  in  sustaining  heart  after  stopping  habit  of 
Morphine.  Cheyne-Stdkes  respiratioH,  Irregular 
heart  following  grip.  5 pari i urn  is  indicated  when 
primarily  the  muscles  of  the  heart  and  especially 
the  nervous  apfiaratns  is  affected.  Acts  rapidly 
and  lasts  3  to  4  days.  Does  not  disturb  digestion, 
Is  especially  valuable  in  mitral  disease.  Chronic 
nephritis.     Tobacco  heart. 

Angina  pectoris,     Pulse  irregular. 

Stomach. — Great  aecumulation  ot  gas  in  gastro- 
intestinal canal   with   mentiU  depression. 

SPIGELIA. 

(PinkrootJ 

Has  marked  elective  affinity  for  the  eye,  heart, 

and  nervous  system.     Neural j^ia  of  the  fiftli  nerve  is 

very  prominent  in  its  elTects.     Is^  especially  ada\i\.^ 


I 


594  SPIGELIA. 

to  anaemic,  debilitated,  rheumatic,  and  scrofulous 
subjects.  Heart  affections  and  neuralgia.  Very 
sensitive  to  touch.  Parts  feel  chilly;  send  shudder 
through  frame.  A  remedy  for  symptoms  due  to  the 
presence  of  worms.  Child  refers  to  the  navel  as  the 
most  painful  part.     [Granat.;  Nux  nt.] 

Mind. — Afraid  of  sharp,  pointed  things,  pins, 
needles,  etc. 

Head. — Pain  beneath  frontal  eminences  and  tan- 
pies,  extending  to  eyes.  [Onos.]  Semi-lateral,  in- 
volving left  eye;  pain  violent,  throbbing;  worse, 
making  a  false  step.  Pain  as  if  a  band  around  head. 
[Carbol.  ac.;  Cact.;  Gels."] 

Eyes. — Feel  too  large;  pressive  pain  on  turning 
them.  Pupils  dilated;  photophobia;  rheumatic  oph- 
thalmia. Severe  pain  in  and  around  eye,  extending 
deep  into  socket. 

Nose. — Fore-part  of  nose  always  dry;  discharge 
through  posterior  nates.  Chronic  catarrh,  with  post- 
nasal dropping  of  bland  mucus. 

Mouth. — ^Tongue  fissured,  painful.  Tearing  tooth- 
ache; worse,  after  eating  and  cold.  Foul  odor  from 
mouth. 

Face. — Prosopalgia,  involving  eye,  zygoma,  cheek, 
teeth,  temple;  worse,  stooping,  touch,  from  morning 
until  sunset. 

Heart. — Violent  palpitation.  Pulse  weak  and  ir- 
regular. Pericarditis,  with  sticking  pains,  palpita- 
tion, dyspnoea.  Neuralgia  extending  to  arm.  An- 
gina pectoris.  Rheumatic  carditis,  trembling  pulse; 
whole  left  side  sore.  Dyspnoea;  must  lie  on  right  side 
with  head  high. 


SPIO  E  U  A SVIRJE  A    V  L.^S  Pi  RANTH  KS. 

Rtctum.— Itching  and  crawling.  Frequent  inef- 
fectual urging  to  stooU     Ascarides. 

Fever* — ChilUnesson  the  slightest  motion, 

Modalities, — Worse,  from  touch,  mot  ion  *  noise, 
turning:,  washings  concession.  Better,  lying  on  right 
side  with  head  high;  inspiring. 

lUlatioiiship.^-Compare ;  Aeon.;  Cact^;  CimUif,; 
Afnica  (Spigelia  isa chronic  Arnica) ;  Cinnab.  (supra- 
orbital pain);  Naja;  Spong.  (heart);  SabaJ.;  Teucf.; 
Cin*!  (worm  symptoms). 

Antidote:  PulsaL 

Dose.^ — Sixth  to  thirtieth  potency  for  neuralgic 
sj^mptonns;  second  to  third  i>otency  for  inflamma- 
tory symptoms. 

SPIR^A    ULMARIA. 

(Hardhack.) 

Morbidly  conscteniious.  Reliev^es  irritation  of  the 
urinary  passages,  influences  the  prostate  gland, 
checks  gleet  and  prostatorrhoea;  has  been  used  for 
eclampsia^  epilepsy,  and  hydrophobia,  Bites  cif 
mad  animals.     Heat  in  various  parts. 


SPIRAHTHES, 
(Ladj^s  Tresaei*) 

_  _^  been  used  for  milk- flow  in  nursing  wotnen^ 
liftftbSlgo  and  rheumatism,  colic  ^  witli  drowsiness 
and  sjiasTnodic  yawning.  Is  an  ant i-ph logistic  rem- 
edy akin  to  Aeon.,  its  symptoms  showing  congestion 
and  inflammation. 

Femalc^Prurilus;  vulva  red;  dryness  and  hwx^- 
mg^   in    vBgma.     Burning    pain    in    ya^wufc   i>5 


5p6 


SplRANTHES SPONGIA    TOSTA, 


coition.  I  Kali  b.;  Kn^os.;  Lyc^;  Nair.  m.;  Stdpk.\ 
Leiicorrh^jea,  bloody.     [Chin^:  Cocc;  Ntir*  ac.;  Stpi 

Extremities^^-Scialic  pain,  especially  right  side 
Pain  111  shoulders.  BweUing  of  veins  of  hands 
Pain  in  all  articulations  of  hands.  Crjldness  of  lect 
and  toes. 

Fever. — Flushes  of  heat*  Sweat  on  jjalinB. 
Hands  alternately  hot  and  cold. 

Dose. — Third  potency ^ 

SPONGIA    TOSTA. 

(Hoasted  Sponge.) 

A  remedy  especially  marked  in  the  symptoms  ol 
the  respiratory  organs^  eoagh,  croup,  etc.  Heafl 
affections*  and  often  indicat^jd  fgr  the  tubercular 
diathesis.  Children  with  fair  complexion,  lax  fiber: 
swollen  glands.  Exhu^tJiion  and  heavifjesx  of  the 
body  after  slight  exert imi,  ivith  orgasm  oj  blood  ti/  cht^i, 
face.     ApiXiHy  aytd  difficult  breathing, 

BHnd. — i\jLxiety  and  fear*  Every  excitlrmertt  in- 
creases  the  cough - 

Head. — Rush  of  blood ;  bvtnsting  headache ;  worst'. 
forehead* 

Hose, — Fluent  coi^^i^*  klteniiating  with  stoppage 
Dryness ;  chronic  dry  imsal  catarrh. 
Mouth. — Tongue  dry  and  brown;  full  of  vesicles 
Throat  .^Thyroid    gland    swollen.     Stitches  aii*] 
dryness.     Burning  and  stinging.     Sore  throat;  worse" 
after  eating  sweet  things.     Tickling  causes  cough- 
Stomach. — ^Excessive  thirst,  great  kimger.    Can* 
nnt  bear  tight  clothing  aroimd  trunk.     Hitixnij^ih 
M^le.—Swdiinff,   of  spermatic:  cord  and  u^is^t*-- 


ivt'fk  pmn  and  tendirntss.     Orchitis        Epididymis. 
Heat  in  [jarts. 

Female. — Before  menses,  pain  in  sacrum,  hunger » 
palpitation.  During  mimses,  wakes  with  suffocative 
spelis.  ICupT,;  lod.;  Lack.]  Amenorrhoea,  with 
a^itbma,     [Puis.] 

Respiratory. — Great  dryms.^  of  ail  air- passages. 
Hoarseftess:  larynx  dry^  burni,  constricted.  Cou^h, 
dry^  harking,  croupy;  larytix  ?;ensjti%^e  to  touch. 
Croiip;  worse,  during  inspiration  and  before  mid- 
nif^hi.  Respiration  short,  panting,  difficult;  feeling 
of  a  plug  in  larynx.  Cou^h  abates  after  eating  or 
tlrinKing,  Chest  weak;  can  scarcely  talk.  Lar- 
yngeal f*hthisis.  Goitre,  with  suffocative  spells. 
Bronchial  catarrh »  with  wheezing,  asthmatic  cough, 
worse  cold  air,  with  profuse  expectoration  and  suffo- 
cation; worse,  lying  with  he^id  low  and  in  hot  rtxim* 
Oppression  and  heat  of  chest,  with  sudden  weak- 
ness. 

Heart.— Palpitatioji,  with  dyspncea;  cannot  lie 
down.  Awakened  sadden ly  after  midnight  with  pain 
iind  suffocation;  valvular  insufficienc}^ .  Angina  pec- 
toris; faiutiiesg,  and  anxious  sweat.  Ebullition  of 
blood*  veins  distended.  Surging  of  heart  into  the 
cht'st,  as  if  it  would  force  out  upward. 

Skin. — Swelling  and  induration  of  glaftds;  g^oitre. 
It  thing;  measles. 

Sltep. — Awakens  in  a  fright^  and  feels  as  if  suffo- 
citing.  Generally  worse  after  sleep,  or  bleeps  into 
ait  aggravation.     [Laclu] 

Fe?er. — Attacks  of  heat  with  anxiety:  heat  imd  red- 
nL%s  (jf  fiice  and  perspiration. 


59^  SPONGIA    TOSTA SQUILLA    MARITIMA. 

night.  Better,  descending,  lying  with  head  low. 
[Arn.\ 

Relationship. — Compare:  Aeon.;  Hep.;  lod.; 
Brom.;  Loch.     Merc.  prot.    (Goitre). 

Antidote:  Camph. 

Dose. — Second  trituration,  or  tincture  to  third 
potency. 

SQUILLA   MARITIMA. 

(Sea-Onion.) 

Acts  especially  on  mucous  membranes  of  the  respi- 
ratory and  digestive  tracts,  and  also  upon  the  kid- 
neys. Valuable  in  chronic  bronchitis  of  old  people 
with  mucous  rales,  dyspnoea,  and  scanty  urine. 

Eyes. — Feel  irritable;  child  bores  into  them  with 
fists. 

Respiratory. — Fluent  coryza;  margins  of  nostrils 
feel  sore.  Sneezing;  throat  irritated;  short  dry 
cough;  must  take  a  deep  breath.  Dyspnoea  and 
stitches  in  chest,  and  painful  contraction  of  abdom- 
inal muscles.  Violent  cough,  with  much  mucus; 
profuse,  salty,  slimy  expectoration,  and  with  invol- 
untary spurting  of  urine  and  sneezing.  Child  rubs 
face  with  fist  during  cough.  [Caust.;  Puis.]  Cough 
provoked  by  taking  a  deep  breath  or  cold  drinks. 
Sneezing  with  coughing. 

Urinary. — Great  urging;  much  watery  urine.  In- 
voluntary when  coughing. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Bry.;  Kali  carb. 

Dose. — First  to  third  potency. 


STANNCM. 


STAnifUM. 

(Tin.) 

>ebility  is  very  nmrked  when  Stannum  is  the 
ledy,  especially  the  debility  of  chronic  bronchial 

id  pnlmojiary  conditions,  characterized  by  profuse 

uco*purulent  discharges.      Talking  causes  a  very 

•ak  feeling  in  the  tkroal  and  ckesi^  Pmns  that  come 
\nd  go  gradually  call  unmistakably  for  Stan  num. 
f^aralytic  weakness j  spasms;  paralysis. 

Mind, — ^Sad  and  anxious.  Discmiraged.  Dread 
I  seeing  people. 

Head, — ^ Aching  in  temples  and  forehead.  Pain 
worse  motion;  graduatty  mcreastng  and  decreasing, 
as  if  constricted  by  a  band;  forehead  feels  pressed 
inwards.  Jarring  of  walking  resounds  painfully  in 
bead.  Drawing  painf^  in  malar  bones  and  Of  bits  ^ 
Ulceration  of  ring-hole  in  lobe  of  ear. 

Tliroat^ — ^Much  adhesive  rnucus*  difficult  to  de- 
lach;  efforts  to  detach  cause  nausea-  Throat  dry 
fend  stings. 

Stom&ch. — Hungry-  Sm^ll  of  cooking  cai%ses  votn- 
^mg.  Bitter  taste.  Pain  better  pressure,  but  sore 
fco  touch*     Sensation  of  emptiness  in  stptnach^ 

Abdomen*— Cramp-like  colic  around  iiavelt  with  a 
Iccling  of  emptiness.     Colic  r^licvt^d  by  hard  pressttre. 

Fe  male . —  Btaring*doum    sensai  ion .  Prola  psus . 

witli  weak,  sinking  feeling  in  stomach.     l^€p.]    Men- 
^$es  farly  and  profuse^     Pain  in  vagina ♦  up  and  back 
'^to  spine.      LeucorrhOEa,  with  great  debility, 

RMpiraiory*-^ Hoarse;  mucus  ejtpelled  by  for- 
^cible  cou^h.  Violent  dry  cough  in  ev  en\T\^  u\\  tcvA- 
W£ht.     Coagb  excited  by  iaitghing,  t^Ti^vti^,  ii^'tosv^. 


6oo  STANNUlf — BTAPHI8AORIA. 

During  day,  with  copious  green,  sweetish  expecton- 
tion.  Chest  feels  sore.  Ckesi  feels  weak;  can  hardly 
talk.  [Cocc]  Respiration  short,  oppressive;  stitches 
in  left  side  when  breathing  and  lying  on  same  side. 
Phthisis  mucosa.     Hectic  fever. 

Sleep. — Sleeps  with  one  leg  drawn  up,  the  other 
stretched  out. 

Extremities. — Paralytic  weakness;  drops  things. 
Ankles  swollen.  Limbs  suddenly  give  out  wften  at- 
tempting to  sit  down.  Dizziness  and  weakness  viun 
descending.  Spasmodic  twitching  ojf  muscles  of 
forearm  and  hand.  Fingers  jerk  when  holding  pen. 
Neuritis.     Typewriters*  paral3rsis. 

Fever. — Heat  in  evening;  exhausting  flight- 
sweats,  especially  towards  morning.  Hectic.  "  Per- 
spiration, principally  on  forehead  and  nape  of  neck, 
debilitating,  smelling  musty,  or  offensive. 

Modalities. — Worse,  using  voice  {i.  e.,  laughing, 
talking,  singing),  lying  on  right  side,  warm  drinis. 
Better,  coughing  or  expectorating,  hard  pressure. 

Relationship. — Complementary :  Puis. 

Compare:  Stann.  tod.  (pulmonary  symptoms; 
cough,  with  tickling  at  root  of  tongue;  stage  of  pu- 
rulent infiltration);  Canst.;  Calc.;  Sil.;  Tuherc.; 
Bacil.;  Melon.  Comi£>diTe .  Myrtu^  chekan  {cYaovk. 
bronchitis,  cough  of  phthisis,  emphysema,  with  gas- 
tric catarrhal  complications  and  dense  purulent 
sputum;  tincture,  fiye  drop  doses). 

Dose. — Third  to  thirtieth  potency. 

STAPHISAGRIA. 

(Stavesacre.) 
Nervous  affections  with  marked  irritability,  dis- 
eases of  the  genito-urinary  tract  and  skin  most  fre- 


ftoi 
I  edM 


Lieiitly  i^ive  sytuptomH  calling  for  this  drug, 
effects  of  anger  and  insults.     Sexual  sins  and 
cesser.       Very  sensitive. 

Mind  .^Im  pet  nous;  hypochondriaeal,  sad.      Vi 
siiive  as  to  what  othei^  say  ahout  her.     Dwells 
sexual     matters;     prefers     solitude.     Peevish. 
Child  crie.s  for  many  things,  and  refuses  them  when 
offered. 

Head . — Stu  pef  ying  headacb  e ;  bra  in  feels  sq  ueesed . 
^Keii^at  ion  o  f  a  Iml  I  of  1  ea  d  in  forehead .    I  tch  ing-  eru  p- 
^^bon  above  and  behmd  cars.     [Ok and] 
^B*  Eyes,^ — Recurrent  siyes.     Chalastp.      Eyes  sunken, 
^^^ith  blue  rings.     Margin  of  lids  itch, 
angles  of  eye,  particularly  the  inner, 
mcLsed  wounds  of  cornea, 
I  Mouth. — Toothache  during  meilsi&s 

^Baft4i   i^rumbling.     Salivation,    spon^t^^y 
^^pasily.     [Merc;  Kreos]     Submaxillary  jtflands  swol- 
^B&n.     After  eating  feets  sleepy. 
^^     Stomach, — Flabby  and  weak.       Desire  for  stirftU' 
lants.     Stomach  feels  relaxed,     Cravini^  for  tfybnecd 
Canine  hunger,  even  when  stomach  is  fnlh 

Abdomen. — Colic     after     anger.         Hot     flatii! 
Swollen  abdomen   in   children,   with  much   flatus. 
Colic,  with  pelvic  tenesmus.     Severe  pain  folloiinng 
a  n  abdant  inal  o  per  at  to  n .     I  near  cera  tedflatus.    Diar- 
rhoea   after   drinking   cold    water,    with   tenesmus*,^B 

onsiipationi  ha-morrhoids,  with  enlarged  prostate. ^| 

Hale. — Es|jecially,  after  self-abuse;  jjersistent 
dwelling  on  sexual  subject?^.  Spermatorrhoea,  with 
sunken  features:  guilty  tookr  ©missions,  with  V»ack^ 

he  and  weakness  and  sexual  iieun^i^theniit. 

TBmmte.—Pfirts  fvry    sensiiiv^.     [Berb,,     Kt 


Affections  of  „ 
Lacerated  <^fl 

Teeth  black 
gums,    bleed 


602  STAPHISAORIA STELLAHIA    MEDIA. 

Lyssin.]  Irritable  bladd^  in  yoiing  married  woms^ 
LeucoiTh(Ca-  Prolapsus,  with  sinking  in  the  ab- 
domen ;  aching  around  the  hips. 

Urinary,— I neflfectnal  urging  to  urinate  in  ifrtf^y 
marrhd  women.  Pressure  upon  bladder;  feels  as  if 
it  did  not  empty.  Burning  in  uretJira  during  mic- 
turition .  Prost  at  ic  tro  ubles .  [  Th  uja  ;  Sabal , ;  Fvfr 
pi€,]  Urging  and  pain  after  urinating.  Pain  afttr 
lithotomy* 

Skin. — Eczema  of  headn  ears,  face,  and  body; 
thick  scabs,  dry,  and  itch  violently;  scrakhm% 
changes  location  of  itching.  Fig- warts  pedunculate  J 
[Thuja^]  Arthritic  nodes.  Inflammation  of  pbai- 
langes. 

Extremities. — Muscles,  especially  of  calves,  feel 
bruised.  Backache;  worse  in  morning  before  rising 
Extremities  feel  beaten  and  painfuL  Joints  stil 
Crarai  neuralgia.  Dull  aching  of  nates,  extending 
to  h]p-j<sint  and  small  of  biick. 

Modalities. — Worse,  anger,  indignation,  gtkt 
mortification,  loss  of  fluids,  onanism »  sexual  ex- 
cesses, tobacco;  least  touch  on  affected  parts,  Bii- 
/i?r,  after  breakfast,  warmth,  rest  at  night. 

Rek tionship . — I n imical :  Ra H  unc.  bulb. 

Compare:  Ferrmn  pyrophos.  (tarsal  cysts);  f"'- 
hey.;  Canst.;  Ign.;  Phos.  ac;  Calad. 

Antidote:  Camph^ 

Dose. — 'I'hird  to  thirtieth  potency. 

STELLARU    MEDIA. 

(Chickweed.) 

Induces  n  condition  of  sahii^isi  congestion  and  slup* 
£ishness  of  all  functions.     Morning  agg-ravatioii 


STBLLARIA    MEDIA  —  STEHCULJA.  603 

Sharp,  shifting  rheumatic  jiains  iii  all  parts  very 
pronounced.  Rheumatism;  darting  pains  in  almost 
every  part;  stiffness  of  joints;  parts  sore  to  touch; 
worse,  motion.  Chronic  rhvumaitsm,  Skijting  pains, 
{Puis.:  Kali  suiph.]  Pi^oriasis.  Enlarged  and  in- 
flamed gouty  finger  joints. 

Head,— Dull,  frontal  headache;  worse  in  moniing^ 
and  left  side  with  sleepiness. 

Abdomen. — Liver  engorg^ed,  swollen,  with  stitch- 
ing; pain  and  sensitive  to  pressure.  Clay-colored 
!i tools.     Hepatic  torpor. 

Eitremities* — Sharp  pain  in  small  of  back,  over 
kidneys  1  in  gluteal  region,  extending  down  thigh. 
Pain  in  shoulders  and  arms,  SynrntiHs.  Bruised 
feeling. 

Relationship, — Compare :  Puhat.  (similar  in  rheu- 
matism, pairfe  shiftingi  worse  rest,  warmth;  better 
cold  air). 

Dose,— ^Tincture,  externally.  Internally  ^  ax  po- 
tency. 

STERCUCIA, 
(Kola^Ifut.) 

The  remedy  for  the  drinking  habit.  It  promoter 
tlie  appetite  and  digestion,  and  lessens  the  craving 
for  liquor.  Asthma.  Gives  power  to  endure  pro- 
longed physical  exertion  without  taking  food  and 
i^'ithout  feeling  fatigued. 

Re  lationship . — Coca . 

Dose.-   One  dram  to  one-half  ounce*  three  \\i 


I 


6o4  •  STIOTA.'.        ':..-. 

.    STICTA. 

(Lungwort) 

Offers  a  set  of  symptoms.  Kke  coryza  and  bron- 
chial catarrh  and  influenza,  together  with  nervous 
and  rheumatic  disturbances.  There  is  a  general 
feehng  of  dullness  and  malaise,  as  when  a  cold  is 
coming  on ;  dull,  heavy  pressure  in  forehead,  catar- 
rhal conjimctivitis,  etc. 

Mind. — Feels  as  if  floating  in  air.  [Datura  of- 
borea.]     Confusion  of  ideas;  patient  must  idik. 

Head. — ^DuU  headache,  with,  dull,  heavy  pressure 
in  forehead  and  root  of  nose,  Ckitarrhal  headache  be- 
fore discharge  appears.  Burning  in  eyes  and  sore- 
ness of  balls.  Sensation  as  if  scalp  were  too  small. 
Burning  in  eyelids. 

Nose. — Feeling  of  fullness  at  the  root  of  the  nose. 
[Nux.]  Dryness  of  nasal  membrane.  Constant  need 
to  blow  the  nose,  but  no  discharge.  Dry  scabs,  es- 
pecially in  evening  and  night.  Hay-fever;  incessant 
sneezing.     [Sabad.] 

Female. — Scanty  flow  of  milk. 

Abdomen. — Diarrhoea;  stools  profuse,  frothy; 
worse,  morning.  Urine  increased,  with  soreness  and 
aching  in  bladder. 

Respiratory. — ^Throat  raw;  dropping  of  mucus 
posteriorly.  Dry,  hacking  cough  during  night;  worse, 
inspiration.  Loose  cough  in  rriorning.  Pain  through 
cliest  from  sternum  to  spinal  column.  Cough  after 
measles.     [Sang.] 

Extremities. — Rheumatic  pain  in  right  shoulder- 
joints,  deltoid,  and  biceps.     Swelling,  heat,  redness 


s T  T cr  A — sr  1 1  i  M  A  i  A  ^t  a  v  i  > i  s  — s  r  u/m  ^f  g  i  a  - 


605 


of  joints  Spot  0}  tnflamniaiion  and  redness  over 
affiled  joint.  Pain  severe  and  drawing-  Chorea - 
like  spasms;  kgs  feel  floating  in  air.  iiommtmd's 
knce>  [Rhus;  Kali  hyd^:  Slag]  Shouting  |i>iiins  in 
knees.  Joints  antl  neigh tx^rini^  mu^cleii  red,  swol- 
len, painful.  Rheumatic  jiains  precede  catarrhal 
symptoms 

Modal! ties » — Wors^^  auddeti  cbajiges  of  tempera- 
ture. 

Relationship.— Compare:  Uaiura  arhitrea  (float- 
ing sensation,  as  if  ideas  were  floating  outside  of 
brain);  Ci'tmrm^lccVdnd  Mtiss  (chronic  diarrhoea, 
phthisis,  bloody  exfiectoration);  Eryn^.;  Dros,; 
Stifling.;  Rumcx:  Sambtic. 

Ifase, — ^Tincture.  to  sixth  pjiency. 

STIGMATA    MAYDIS. 

(Corn -silk.) 

Has  marked  urinary  symptoms,  and  has  t»een  tist'd 
with  success  m  or|;janic  heart -disease,  with  miich 
oedema  of  lower  extremities  and  scanty  urination. 
Enlarged  prostate  and  retention  of  urine. 

Urinary, -^Suppres^ti  and  relent  ion.  Dysuria 
Renal  Uthiasis;  nephritit:  eoHc.  bkMjd  and  red  sand 
in  urine.  Tenesmus  after  urinating  Vesical  ca* 
tarrh.     Gonorrhoea*     Cystitis. 

Relationship. — Compare :    Vesicoria , 

Dose. — Tincture,  in  ten-  to  to  Hfty-drop  dosct.. 

STILLINGIA. 
(Queen^s  Root*/ 
Erinstc    j^ieriostcal    rheumatt^ni.    i^yi^^^iUtic    aovl 


6o6  8TILLINOIA — BTRAMONIUM. 

marked.  Torpor  of  lymphatics;  torpid  liv«r,  with 
jaundice  and  constipation. 

Mind. — Gloomy  forebodings;  depressed. 

Respiratory. — Dry  spasmodic  cough.  Larynx  con- 
stricted, with  stinging  in  fauces.  Trachea  feels  sore 
when  pressed.  Hoarseness  and  chronic  laryngeal 
affections  of  public  speakers. 

Extremities. — Aching  pains  in  bones  of  extrem- 
ities and  back. 

Skin. — Ulcers;  chronic  eruptions  on  hands  and 
fingers.  Enlarged  cervical  glands.  Btiming  itching 
of  legs;  worse  exposure  to  air.  Exostosis.  Scrofu- 
loderma; syphilis,  secondary  eruption  and  later 
symptoms.     Valuable  for  intercurrent  use. 

Modalities. — Worse,  in  afternoon,  damp  air,  mo- 
tion.    Better,  in  morning,  dry  air. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Siaphis,;  Mercur.;  Sy- 
phiL;  Aur.;  Corydalts  (syphilitic  nodes). 

Dose. — ^Tincture  and  first  potency. 

STRAMONIUM. 
(Thom-Apple.) 

The  entire  force  of  this  drug  seems  to  be  expended 
on  the  brain,  though  the  skin  and  throat  show  some 
disturbance. 

Mind. — Loquacious,  garrulous,  laughing,  singing, 
swearing,  praying,  rhyming.  Sees  ghosts,  hears 
voices,  talks  with  spirits.  Rapid  changes  from  joy 
to  sadness.  Violent  and  lewd.  Delusions  about  his 
identity ;  thinks  himself  tall,  double,  a  part  miisiDg. 
Religious  mania.  Cannot  bear  solitude  or  dark- 
ness; must  have  light  and  company.    Sight  of  water 


STRAMONIUM, 


5o7 


^  anythin^[  flittering  brings  on  spasms.  Delirium, 
idth  desire  to  escape.     [BeiL;  Bry.;  Rhus.] 

Head. — Raises  head  frequently  from  the  pillow. 

t^ain  in  forehead  and  over  eyebrows,  begitininff  at 

^  A .  M . ;  worse  until  noon.     Boring  painj  preceded  by 

Ibscure  vision.     Rush  of  blood  to  bead;  staggers, 

iHth  tendency  to  fall  forward  and  to  the  left. 
I' 
Eyes. — Seem  prominent  ^  staring,   wide  open;  pir 

oils  dilated*  Loss  of  vision;  complains  that  it  is 
lark,  and  calls  for  It^ht.  Small  objects  look  large. 
^arts  of  the  body  seem  enoniiously  sw^ollen.  Stra- 
bismus, 

!  Face. — Hot,  red;  circumscribed  redness  of  cheeks, 
piood  rushes  to  face;  distorted.  Expression  of  terror. 
Pale  face. 

Mouth. — Dry;  dribbhnjgf  of  viscid  saliva.  Aver- 
tiorv  to  w^ater.  Siammerinfi.  {Cannab.  Sat,\  Risus 
tardonicus.  Cantiot  swallow  on  account  of  spasm, 
phewing  motion. 

StomacJi.— Food  tastes  like  straw.  Violent 
shirst.     Vomiting  of  mucus  and  green  bile. 

■    Urine, — Suppressed,  bladder  empty* 

.  M&le* — Sexual  erethism,  with  indecent  speech  and 
^tion.     Hands  constantly  kept  on  genitals. 

V^mAli^.— Metrorrhagia,  with  loquacity,  singing t 
paying*  Puerperal  mania,  with  characteristic  men- 
kl  symptoms  and  profuse  sweatings.  Convulsions 
kfter  labor, 

I  Sleep.— Awakens  terrified^  screams  with  fright. 
beep  snoring  sleep.  Sleejiy,  but  cannot  sleep.  [Bell] 
I  Extremities. — Graceful  rhftkntic  motions.  Con- 
fuJsions  of  upper  extremities  and  of  isolated  gtowyss 


6oS  STRAMONIUM STRONTtA. 

of  niusclcis.  CkQfea;  spasms  partial^  constantly 
changing.  Viiiivi^  pain  in  left  kip.  Tremblings 
twitching  of  tendons,  staggering  gait. 

Skin.— Shining  red  rash.  Effects  of  snppressfd 
eruption  in  scarlatina,  with  ddirinm*  etc. 

Fever  .^Profuse  sweat,  which  does  not  relieve. 
Violent  fever.         '**     *'* 

Modalities* — Worse,  in  dark  rooin,  when  alone- 
lookinsT  jit  hrigbt  or  shining  objects,  after  sleep,  tin 
swallowing  BftUr.  from  bright  light,  company, 
warmth. 

Relationship.— Compare  especially:  Hyoscy.  and 
Bellad.  It  has  less  fever  than  Beliad.,  btit  more 
than  Hyos.  It  causes  more  functional  excitement 
of  the  brain,  but  never  apy?roaches  the' true  inflam- 
ma  tor  y  condition  of  Bellad. 

Antidotes:  Bellad,;  Tahac;  Nhx. 

Dose, — Tincture,  to  thirtieth  pntencv 

STRONTIA. 
(Carbonate  of  Strontian,) 

Rheumatic  |)ains,  chronic  spnuuif,  stenosis  oE 
oesophagus.  Chronic  seqiuice  of  hirmarthages.  Vio- 
lent involuntary  starts.  Affections  of  bon^.  es- 
]teciaDy  femur. 

Head.^  Vcriif^o  iiHth  headacht  and  nausea.  Di?- 
tensive^  pressure.  Aches  from  nape  of  neckp  spread 
ing  upwards;  better  wrapping  head  up  warmly 
[SiLj  Flushes  in  face:  violent  pulsating.  Stiprs 
orljital  nevirtilgia :  pains  increase  and  decrease  slowly 
[Siann.]  Blood)-  crusts  in  nose,  Burning  iiiul  ml 
jiess  of  eyt^s.     Fac<?  red  ;  burns,  itdies. 


r 


S  TRON  Tl  A  —ST  H  O  I'  H  A  N  T  U  S    H 1 S  P I DVS . 


fi&f) 


Stomach. — Loss  of  appetite^  aversion  tu  meat» 
craves  bread  and  beer.  Food  tastel^s.  Eructa- 
tions after  eating. 

Abdomen. — ^Sticklng  in  abdominal  ring.  Diar- 
rhoea; warse  at  night;  conitnuoMs  urging;  belter  to- 
wards morning.  Burning  in  anus  lasts  a  long  time 
'after  stool.     [Ratank.] 

Skin, — Moist,  itching^  burning  eruption;  better  in 
opem  air,  especially  warm  sunshine.  Sprarns  of 
aftkle-ioint,  itrith  wd^ma. 

EKtremiiies, — Gnawing  as  if  in  marrow  of  bones. 
Cramps  in  calves  and  soles,  Chrontu  sprains,  par- 
ticiilarl  y  of  a  n  kle-j  o  i  n  t ,  CEdema  to  us  s  w  el  1  i  xv^,  I  cy- 
cold  feet.  Rheumatic  pains,  especially  in  joints. 
Veins  of  handn  engorged. 

Fever.— Heat,  with  aversion  to  imcover  or  un- 
dress. 

Modalities, — Bclkr,  immersing  in  hot  water. 

Helationship.^ — Comxmre:  Arnjat;  Rtfta;  Sji.: 
^BaryL  c^;  Carbo.;  Strant.  jodat  (arterio-sclerosis). 
Strcntium  hrmn^  often  gives  excellent  results  where 

brumide  is  indicated.     (Hale,) 

Dose, — Sixth  trituration, 

STROPHANTUS    HISPIDUS.  « 

(Kombe-Seed.)  ' 

Acts  on  the  heart,  i fieri  as i 71  i^  the  systole  and  dt- 
inishcs  ihr  rapidity,  May  bo  used  with  advantage 
ko  tone  the  heart  and  run  off  drc^pKical  accumula- 
an^^  In  small  doses  for  weak  heart,  it  feels  en- 
trged.  In  mitral  regurgitation,  where  t edema  and 
rop&y  have  supervened.     [Digjt^]     Strophantus  oc- 


6lO  STROPHANTUS   HI8P. — CTRYCBMflNUlC 

casions  no  gastric  distress ,  has  no  cumulatiTe  efiects, 
is  a  greater  diuretic,  and  is  safer  fqr  the  aged  as  it 
does  not  affect  the  vaso-motors.  In  pneumonia  and 
in  severe  prostation  from  heemorrhage  after  opera- 
tions and  acute  diseases.  After  the  long  use  of  stim- 
ulants; irritable  heart  of  tobacco-smokers.  Absence 
of  vaso-motor  effects.  Arterio-sclerosis;  rigid  arte- 
ries of  aged.  Especially  useful  in  failing  compensa- 
tion dependent  upon  fatty  heart. 

Head.—^Temporal  pains,  with  double  vision,  im- 
paired sight;  brilliant  eyes,  flushed  face. 

Urinary. — ^Increased  secretion;  scanty  and  albu- 
minous. 

Female. — Menorrhagia ;  uterine  hsemorrhage;  uter- 
us heavily  congested. 

Respiratory. — Dyspnaa.  Lungs  congested.  CEde- 
ma  of  lungs.     Bronchial  and  cardiac  asthma. 

Heart. — Pulse  quickened.  Heart's  action  weak, 
due  to  muscular  debility;  muscular  insujficiency- 
Cardiac  pain.     [CraUegus.] 

Extremities. — Swollen,  dropsical. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Digit,  (but  is  slower 
than  Strophant.  in  its  action) ;  Phos.  ac,  (weak  heart, 
irregular  pulse,  fluttering  sensation  in  cardiac  re- 
gion, palpitation  diu"ing  sleep,  fainting). 

Dose. — ^Tincture  and  6x  potency.  In  more  acute 
cases,  five  to  ten  drops  of  the  tincture  three  times  a 
day. 

STRYCHNINUM. 

(Alkaloid  of  Nux  Vomica.) 

Tetanic  convulsions,  with  opisthotonos.  The 
777uscles  relax  between  paroxysms;  worse,  slightest 


[ 


STHTCHNrNIVM. 


6lf 


nch^  sound,  odor.  Influetices  more  directly  the 
|ppmal  cord  and  is  less  appropriate  in  visceral  de^ 
^ngements  than  Ntot.  Tetanus.  Explosive  ner- 
kvousne^ss.  The  pains  and  sensations  come  suddenly 
l^nd  return  at   intervals. 

Head, — Restless,  Over-trritabilUyr  Full  and 
tursting  headache,  with  heat  in  eyes*  Vertigo,  with 
^oaring  in  ears.  Jcnting  of  head  forwards*  Scalp 
isore.     Itching  of  scalp  and  nape* 

Eyes. — Hot^  painful,  protruding,  staring.  Pupils 
dilated.  Sparks  before  eyes.  Spasmodic  contrac* 
^ion  of  ocular  muscles;  twitching  and  trembling  of 
lids* 

Ears. — Hearing  very  acute;  bamingj  itchingj  and 
roaring  in  ears* 

i  Face.— Pale,  anxious,  livid.  Jaws  stiffened ;  lower 
jaw  spasmodically  closed. 

'  Throat. — Dry,  contracted;  feeling  of  a  lump* 
©eglutitions  impossible.  Burning  along  and  spasms 
of  oesophagus.     Violent  itching  in  roof  of  mouth* 

Stomach. — Constant  retching.  Violent  vomiting* 
Nausea  of  pregnancy. 

Abdomen. — ^Sharp  pain  hi  abdominal  muscles, 
griping  pain  in  bowels, 

I  Rectum. — Fseces  discharged  involuntarily  during 
tepasms.  Very  obstinate  constipation* 
I  Female. — Desire  for  coitus.  [Canlk.;  Cam  ph.; 
\\FL  uc.;  Lath.;  Pkos.;  Plai]  Any  touch  on  body 
texcites  a  voluptuous  sensation. 
I  Respiratory. ^5f a ^w  of  muscles  about  larynx. 
Excessive  dyspnoea.  Shai-p  contractive  pains  in 
■nuscles  of  chest.  Persistent  couiejh  recurring  after 
influenza. 


6l2  STRYCHNINUM. 

Back. — Rigidity  of  cervtcal  muscles.  Sharp  pain 
in  nape  and  down  spine.  Back  stiff;  violent  jerks 
in  spinal  column.     Icy  sensation  dawn  spine. 

Extremities. — Limbs  stiff.  Rheumatism  with  stiff 
joints.  Violent  jerking,  twitching,  and  trembling. 
Violent  tetanic  convulsions  and  opisthotonos; 
spasms  provoked  by  slightest  touch  and  attempt  to 
move.  Violent  shocks  in  the  muscles.  Cramp-like 
pains. 

Fever. — Cold  chills  down  spine.  Perspiration  in 
a  stream  down  head  and  chest.  Lower  extremities 
cold. 

Skin. — Itching  of  whole  body,  especially  nose. 
Icy  sensation  down  the  spine. 

Modalities. — Worse,  morning;  touch;  noise;  mo- 
tion; after  meals.     Better,  lying  on  back. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Eucalyptus  (neutralizes 
ill  effects  of  Strychnin.)  Strych .  phosphortcum  (an  ex- 
cellent remedy  in  anannia  of  spinal  cord;  paralysis: 
burning,  aching,  and  weakness  of  spine;  pain  ex- 
tends to  front  of  chest;  tenderness  on  pressure  in 
mid-dorsal  region;  cold,  clammy  feet;  hands  and 
axillcc  covered  with  clammy  perspiration) ;  Strych.  ars. 
(chronic  diarrhoea  with  paralytic  symptoms;  3X 
trit.):  Strych.  et  Ferr.  cit.  (chlorotic  and  paralytic 
conditions;  dyspepsia,  with  vomiting  of  ingesta;  2X 
and  3X  trit.);  Strych.  valertn.  (exhaustion  of  brain- 
power; women  of  high  nervous  erethism;  ax  trit.)- 
Compare:  Cwiita;  Arnica  (tetanus). 

Dose. — ^Third  to  thirtieth  potency.  For  non- 
homoeopathic  use,  to  produce  its  direct  physiological 
effects  in  paralysis,  the  dose  will  range  from  one- 
fiftieth  to  one-twentieth  of  a  grain,  repeated  three 


ST  a  VC  H  K 1 N  U  M  — S  V  C  C 1 N  r  M  — S I  r  ^  p  o  N  A  L ,  6  I  3 


I  times  a  day.  Urider  twelve  yoir^  of  agu,  one-fiftieth 
I  to  one  two-hundredth  of  a  grain.  Strych,,  hypoder- 
P  micAlIy,  is  callable  of  arresting  pro^essive  muscular 
atrophy^  and  is  a  certain  stirtiulatit  to  the  respiratory 
centers,  and  Is  useful  in  embarrassed  breathing,  in 
the  cour^ie  of  pneumonia  especially.  Dose,  one  one- 
hundredth  to  one-sixtieth  grain  every  three  hours. 

succmuM. 

[Electron.     Amber^J 

Nerv^ous  and  hysterical  s^'tn]ltrJnls.  Asthma. 
Affections  o£  spleen. 

Head. — ^Fear  of  trains  tind  tlase  places.  Hcad- 
ache»  lachrymation,  sneezing. 

Respiratory. — Asthma,  incipient  phthisitii  chronic 
bronchi! iHi,  ^lains  in  chest.     Whooping-congh. 

Dose. — Third  trituration.  Five-drop  doses  of  the 
oiL 

SULFOKAL, 

(A  Coal-Tar  Product;) 

Vertigo  of  cerebral  origin,  cerebellar  disc^isc, 
ataxic  s^Tnptouis,  and  chorea,  pro^enL  a  field  for  the 
homoeopathic  employment  of  this  dru^.  PfQfound 
weakness,  gone,  faint  feeling,  and  despondency. 
Loss  of  control  of  sphincter. 

Mind. — Mental  confusion,  incoherency,  illusions; 
a  path  e  tic ,  AUernui  ion  of  happy,  h  opvfu  I  states  with 
depression  and  weakness. 

Head.^Drowsy,  stupid;  fjain  on  atienipting  to 
raise  hea.d.  Double  vision;  heavy  look  about  eyes; 
tiiinitus,  aphasia ;  kmgite as  t/  paraly^d.  Eyes hlood- 
skai  and  rfsU&ss. 


: 
I 


6l4  SULFONAL- 


n 


Urinary. — Albximiniiria,  with  casts.  Pink  color. 
Constant  desire  to  urinate,  scanty,  l>rownish  red 
H  ?e  ma  to  porph  y  rinuria .     [  Trional  J 

Respiratory. — Congestion  of  lungs;  stertorous 
breathing.     Sig^hing  d^'spnoea. 

Extremities. — Ataxic  movementis,  staggering  gaii: 
cold»  weak  I  trembling;  legs  seem  too  heavy.  Ex- 
treme restle^ssness ;  muscular  twilchings.  Knee- 
jerks  disappear.  Stiffness  and  paralysis  of  both 
legs. 

Sleep. — Fidgety,  wakeful^  drowsy. 

Sktn. — Itching,  bluish  purpura.     Er^'thema. 

Relationship. — Trio^nai  (vertigo,  loss  of  equilib- 
rium,  ataxia,  nausea ^  vomiting,  diarrhoea^  ster- 
torous breathing,  cyanosis,  tinnitus,  hallucinatiojis)- 

BQSe, — Third  trituration. 

r^on- Homoeopathic  Uses. — As  a  hypnotic.  Dose, 
Len  to  thirty  grains  in  hot  water.  Takes  about  two 
hours  to  act. 

SULPHUR 

(Sublimated  Sulphur,) 

This  is  the  great  Hahnemunnian  anti-psoric.  its 
action  is  centrifugal — from  within  outwards, — hav- 
ing an  elective  affinity  for  the  skin,  where  it  pro- 
duces heat  and  Imrning,  with  itching;  made  worse  by 
heat  of  bed.  Inertia  and  relaxation  of  fiber;  hence 
feebleness  of  tone  t:harat:terizes  its  sytTiptoms.  Ehul- 
lUions  of  heat,  dislike  of  water,  dry  and  hard  hatr  and 
skin,  red  orifices,  sinking  feeling  ai  stomach  about  t  i 
A.  M,,  and  cat-nap  sleep,  always  indicate  Sulpbtir 
homoeopath ically.  Standing  is  the  worst  position 
^■^  sulphur  patient.s-  it   is  always  uncomfortable. 


SULPHUR.  615 

Dirty,  fiUUy  people,  prone  to  skin  afTeL-lions.  Aver- 
sion to  being  washed.  When  care juily -selected  rem- 
edies jail  to  aci^  especially  in  acute  diseases,  it  fre- 
quentl}^  arouses  the  reactionary  powers  of  the  or- 
ganism.    Complaints  that  relapse. 

Mind. — Very  forgetful.  Difficult  thinking.  De- 
lusions; thinks  rags  beautiful  things — that  he  is  im- 
mensely wealthy.  Busy  all  the  time.  Childish  pee- 
vishness in  grown  people.  Irritable.  Affections 
vitiated;  very  selfish,  no  regards  for  others.  Reli- 
gious melancholy.  Averse  to  business;  loafs, — too 
lazy  to  arouse  himself.  Imagines  giving  wTong 
things  to  pefjple,  causing  their  death.  Sulphur  sub- 
jects arc  nearly  always  irritable,  depressed,  thin  and 
weak  even  with  good  appetite. 

Head. — Constant  heat  on  top  of  head,  [Cap^ 
sulph^;  Graph.]  Heaviness  and  fullness,  pressure  in 
temples.  Beating  headache;  worse,  stooping,  and 
with  vertigo.  Sick  headache  recurring  periodically. 
Tinea  capitis,  dry  form.  Scalp  dry,  falling  of  hair; 
worse,  washing.     liching;  scratching  causes  burning. 

Eyes. — Burning  ulceration  of  margin  of  lids. 
Halo  around  lamp-light.  Heat  and  burning  in 
eyes.  [Ars^;  Bell.]  Black  motes  before  eyes.  First 
stage  of  ijlceration  of  coniea.  Chronic  ophthalmia, 
with  much  burning  and  itching.  Parenchymatous 
keratitis.     Cornea  like  ground  glass. 

Ears,— Whizzing  in  ears.  Bad  effects  from  the 
suppression  of  an  otorrhoea.  Oversensitive  to  odors- 
Deafness,  preceded  by  exceedingly  sensiti^^e  hear- 
ing; catarrhal  deafness. 

Hose. — Herpes  acroHSs  the  nose.     Nose  stuffed  in- 
Imaginary    foul    smells.        Ala*,  red   and 


* 


6i6 


scabby  Chronic  dry  catarrh;  dry  scabs  ojtd  nndily 
bleeding.     Polypus  and  adenoids. 

Mouth, —  Lips  dry,  bright  red,  buniitig-  BitifF 
taste  in  morning.  Jerks  through  teeth.  S^^clling 
of  gums;  throbbing  jiaiu.  Tongue  white,  with  red 
tip  and  borders. 

Throat,— Pressure  as  froni  a  kimp,  as  from  a 
splinter,  as  of  a  hair.  Burning,  redness  and  dry- 
ness*    Ball  seems  to  tise  and  close  pharjTix, 

Stomach.— Complete  loss  of  or  excessive  appe- 
tite. Putrid  eructation.  Food  tastes  too  salty. 
Drinks  much,  eats  little.  Milk  disagrees.  Great 
desire  for  sweets.  [>lr|f-  nit.]  Great  acidity,  souf 
eructation.  Burning,  pain  fill »  weight -like  pre^ure. 
Very  weak  mtd  faint  about  1 1  a.  m.  ;  must  have 
something  to  eat.     Nausea  during  gestation. 

Abdomen^ — Very  sensitive  to  pressure;  internal 
feeling  of  rawness  and  soreness.  Movements  as  of 
something  alive.  [Croc;  Tkuj,]  Pain  and  sore- 
ness  over  liver.     Colic  after  drinking. 

Stool, ^ — Frequent  unsuccessful  desire;  hard,  knot* 
ty,  ins^ifficient.  Child  afraid  on  account  of  pain 
Redness  around  the  anus,  with  itching.  AlornhtH 
diarrhoea,  pa  in  I  ess,  drives  out  of  bed,  with  prolapsus 
recti,     Hiemorrhoids,  oozing  and  bleeding. 

Urine, — Frequent  micturition,  especially  at  night. 
Enuresis,  especially  in  scrofulous,  untidy  childrefi 
Burning  in  iirethra  during  micturition,  lasts  long 
after.  Mucus  and  pus  in  urine;  parts  sore  tn'tff 
which  it  passes. 

Male. — Stitches  in  penis.  Involuntary  emissioits 
{Nitx;  CqIc]  Itching  of  genitals  when  going  to  W 
Organs  cold,   relaxed,  and   powerless, 


Sl'LPHUB, 


6t7 


l^iP^  1 


'enmle. — Pudenda  Ucfws.       Vagina  bttrns,  [Berb,' 

Mitr.     ac]     Much     offensive     perspiration.     [Lye; 

I  Merc.;    FeiroL;     Thuf.]     Menses    too    late,    short, 

scanty,   and  difficult;  thick,   black ,   acrid ^   making 

parts  sore.     [Kali  c;  Lack.;  SiL]     Menses  preceded 

I  by  headache  [ Kreos]  or  suddenly  stopped.     Leucor- 

rhoea,  burning,  excoriating.     Nipples  cracked;  smart 

btn-n.     [Agar.;  Lyc\;  SiL] 

espiratory,— D/^icw/^    respiraHon;    t;^  a  tits    win- 
dows   open.     Aphonia.     Heat    throttghout    chest. 

>  Red»  brown  spots  all  over  chest,  Loostj  cfiugh; 
I  worse  talking,  morning;  grocnish,  purulent,  sweet- 
l  ish  expectoration.     Much  ralUirig  vf  mucus.     Chest 

foela  heavy:  stitches ^  with  heart  feeling  too  large  and 
palpitating.  Pleuritic  exudations.  Oppression,  as 
of  a  load  on  chest 

Back  .^Drawing  pain  betwcf^n  shoulders,     Stiff- 

>  nei^s  of  nape.  Sensation  as  if  vertebraj  glided  over 
^  each  other. 

BxtremiH&s, — Trembling  of  hands.  Rheumatic 
'  pain  in  left  shoulder-  Heaviness;  paretic  feeling. 
Rheumatic  gout,  with  itching.  Burning  in  soles 
aptd  hands  at  night.  Sweat  m  armpit,  smelling  like 
garlic.  Drawing  and  tearing  in  arms  and  hands. 
Stiffness  of  knees  and  ankles,  Cannot  walk  erect; 
sioop-sk  o^i  Id^red,     Gan  glion , 

Sleep. — Talks,  jerks,  and  twitches  during  sleep. 
Vivid  dreams.  Wake-s  up  singing.  Wakes  f re- 
fluent ly,  ^nd  becomes  wide  awake  suddenly.  C"a#- 
Haps:  slightest  noise  awakens. 

Fever.— Frequent  fins  hi  s  lyf  heaL      Viol&ni  ehulli' 

Irons  of  heat  ihroTtghmt  entire  body.     Dry  skki  and 

b great   thirst.     Night  sweat,   on   nape  and  ocevp\xt. 


6l8  SULPHUR. 

Perspiration   of   single   parts.     Disgusting    sweats. 
Remittent  type. 

Skin. — Dry,  scaly,  unhealthy;  every  little  injury 
suppurates.  Freckles.  Itching,  burning;  worse 
scratching  and  washing.  Pimply  eruption,  pustules, 
rhagades,  hangnails.  Excoriation,  especially  in 
folds.  [Lye]  Feeling  of  a  band  around  bones. 
Skin  affections  after  local  medication.  Pruritus, 
especially  from  warmth,  in  evening,  often  recurs  in 
spring-time. 

Modalities. — Worse,  at  rest,  when  standing, 
warmth  in  bed,  washing,  bathing,  in  morning,  n 
A.M.,  night,  from  alcoholic  stimulants,  periodically. 
Better,  dry,  warm  weather,  lying  on  right  side,  from 
drawing  up  affected  limbs. 

Relationship. — Complementary:  Aloe;  Psorin. 

Compare:  Aeon.  (Sulph.  often  follows  in  acute 
diseases);  Calc.  (should  follow  Sulph.  rather  than 
precede);  Lye;  Sep.;  Sars.;  Puis.;  Sulphur  hydro- 
gcnisatum  (delirium,  mania,  asphyxia);  Sulphur 
tcrcbinthinatum  (chronic  rheumatic  arthritis;  cho- 
rea); Tannic  acid  {constiipa.tion).  Magnes.  artificialis 
(great  hunger  in  evening,  profuse  sweat  on  face, 
bruised  pain  in  joints,  rectal  constriction  after  stool)- 

Magnetis  polus  Arcticus  (anxious,  coldness  of  eyes 
as  if  a  piece  of  ice  lay  in  orbit,  increased  flow  of  saliva, 
constipation,  sopor,  trembling,  abdominal  flatu- 
lence). 

Magnetis  polus  Australis  (dryness  of  lids,  easy  dis- 
location of  ankle,  ingrowing  toe  nails,  aching  in 
patella,  shooting  in  soles). 

Compare  in  adenoids:  Agraphis. 

Dose. — Acts  in  all  potencies  from  the  lowest  to 
the  highest.     The  best  results  are  obtained  from  the 


SULPH.^ — SULfH.   lODAT. SULPH.  ACID. 


619 


higher,  and  not  too  frequent  do^cs.  Usually  sisth 
to  thirtieth.  In  chronic  diseases,  200th  and  up- 
ward ,     In  torpid  eruptions  the  l&wesi  potencies. 

^^  SULPHUR    lODATUM. 

^^  (Iodide  of  Sulphur.) 

I      Obstinate  skin  affections,  notably  in  barber's  itch 
and  acne. 

Throat. — Uvula   and   tonsils   enlarged   and   red- 
Idened.      Swollen.      Tongue  thick.     Parotid  hyper- 
trophiedH 

Skin. — ^Itching   on    ears,    nose,    and    in    urethra. 

-Papular  erupt  ion  on  face.     Co]d -sores  on  lips.    Boils 

I  on.    neck.     Barber^  s    itch.     Ac  tie.     Lichen    planus. 

Arms  covered  with  itching  rash.     Hair  feels  as  if 

erect. 

Dose. — Third  trituration. 


SULPHURICUM    AClDtlM. 
(Sulphuric  Acid.) 

The  debility  common  to  acids  shows  itself  here, 
especially  in  the  digestive  tract,  giving  a  very  re- 
laxed feeling  in  the  stomach,  with  craving  for  stimu- 
lants. Treffior  and  weakness;  everything  must  be 
done  in  a  hurry.  Hot  flashes ^  followed  by  jjerspira- 
t  ion  .with  trembling .  Tendenc  y  to  gangr en  e  f o  U  o  w- 
ing  mechanical  injiuies.  Writer's  cramp.  Lead 
poisoning. 

Mind.^— Fretful,  impatient.  Unwilling  to  answer 
questions:  hurried. 

Mead. — Right-sided  neuralgia;  painful  shocks; 
skin  feels  jjinchcd,  Sensation  as  if  brain  was  loose 
in  forehead  and  falling  from  side  to  side.    \_EcU*; 


snr.PHrRicuM  acidum. 

Rlim^l  Concu^asion  of  brtthi  wliore  skin  is  cold*  aiiii 
body  bathed  in  cold  sweat.  Compressive  pain  in 
tlie  side  of  the  occiput;  relieved  by  holding  the  haftd^ 
near  the  head.  Pain  of  outer  parts,  as  if  there  wrre 
subcutaneous  ulceration;  painful  to  touch. 

Eyes* — ^  Intra -ocular  haemorrhag^e  following  trau- 
matism.  Great  chemosis  of  conjunctiva^  with  ach- 
ing and  sharp  pain. 

Mouth. — ^Aphth^e;  gums  bleed  readily.  Oifen- 
sive  breath. 

Stomach,— Heartburn ;  sour  eructations;  sets  tretk 
an  edge.  [Robin]  Craving  for  alcohol.  H'ai*T 
causes  coldness  of  stomach;  must  be  tnixed  mth 
licjuors.  Rdaficed  feeling  in  stofnack.  Averse  to 
smell  of  coffee.  Sour  vomiting.  Desire  for  fresb 
food.      Hiccough.     [Ahtx;   Hydroc.  ac.;  Mosch] 

Abdomen. — Weak  feeling,  with  dragging  into  ihe 
hips  and  small  of  back.  Feeling  as  if  hernia  ivmifd 
protrude  [Nux],  especially  *  left  side. 

Rectum, — Piles;  oozing  dampness.  Rectum  feels 
as  if  it  had  a  big  ball.  Diarrhcea,  fetid,  black,  witli 
sour  odor  of  body,  and  empty »  faint  feeling  in  al> 
domen. 

Female, — Menstruation  early  and  profttse.  Ero- 
sion of  cervix  in  the  aged;  easily  bleeding.  Acrid, 
burning  leucorrhoea,  often  of  bloody  mucus. 

Extremities, — Cramp-like  paralytic  con  trad  ion  i" 
arms,  hands;  jerking  of  fingers  while  WTitifig 
{Statin.;  Canst.;  Cydam.) 

Skin. — Bad  effects  from  mechanical  injuries,  witli 
bruises  and  livid  skin,  [Arn,;  AceL  ac]  Eccliy 
mosis.  Petecliise.  Purpura  luanorrhagica.  |0"^- 
ial.;  Ami]     Livid»  rcd»  itching  blotches,     Htt'i^itii"' 


aULPtRikrL  LTM    AL'TDIJM — SUMBUX.  (r2  i 

rhage  of  black  bluud  irom  all  outlets.  Cicatrices 
turn  red  and  blue  and  become  painful  Chilblains 
ivith  gangrenous  tendency. 

Mo  da  lit]  es.^ — Worse,  from  cxceas  of  heat  or  cokC 
in  forenoon  and  evening,  Better,  from  wannth,  and 
lying  on  affected  side. 

Relationship, — Compiementary ;  Pw/j. 

Compare:  Sulphitroiis  acid  (acne  rosacea,  ulcer- 
ative stomaiitis^  pityriasis  versicolor);  Am.;  Cnit^cf.; 
L^ed.;  Sep.;  Calc. 

Dose,' — Sislphurie  acid  mixed  with  three  jujirt?;  of 
alcohol,  ten  to  fifteen  drops  three  times  daily  for 
several  we^ks,  has  been  successfully  used  to  stibdue 
the  cravirjg  for  liquor.  For  hom<Dcopathic  purpose?®, 
stH'ond  to  thirtieth  potency. 

SUMBUL. 

(Musk-Root.) 

Has  many  hysterical  and  nervotis  symptotns,  and 
is  of  use  in  neuralgic  affections  and  anomalous 
functional  cardiac  disorders,  InsontiJta  of  dulirium 
tremens  (fifteen  drops  of  tincture). 

Head. — Emotional  and  fidgety.  Dull  in  morn- 
ing, clear  in  evening.  Mistakes  in  writing  and  add- 
ing.    Comedones.     Tenacious  yellow  mucus  in  nose* 

Throat.— Choking  constrictif^n ;  constant  swal- 
lowing; Belching  of  gas  from  stomach.  Spasm  of 
pharyngeal  muscles.  Tenacious  mucus  in  throat. 
[//Wr;   Kal  hkh.]       ^'''      ''■  '  ' 

Heart, — Nervous  palpitation.  Neuralgia  around 
left  breast  and  leit  hypochondriac  region .     Pulse  ir- 


62  2   SUMBUL SYMPHOR. SYMPHYT. SYPHIL. 

Female. — Ovarian  neuralgia.     Abdomen  fuU,  dis- 
tended, and  painful.     Climacteric  flushes. 
Urinary. — Oily  pellicle  on  surface  of  urine. 
Relationship. — Compare:  Asaf.;  Mosch. 
Dose. — ^Tincture,  to  third  potency. 

SYMPHORICARPUS. 

(Snowberry.) 

This  drug  is  highly  recommended  for  the  per- 
sistent vomiting  of  pregnancy.  Gastric  disturb- 
ances, fickle  appetite,  nausea,  waterbrash,  bitter 
taste.  Constipation.  Nausea  during  menstruation. 
Nausea,  worse  any  motion.     Averse  to  food. 

Dose. — Second  and  third  potency. 

SYMPHYTUM. 
(Comfrey.) 

Of  great  use  in  wounds  penetrating  to  periosteum 
and  bones,  and  in  non-union  of  fractures;  irritable 
stump  after  amputation,  irritable  bone  at  point  of 
fracture.  Psoas  abscess.  Pain  in  eye  after  a  blow 
of  an  obtuse  body.  For  traumatic  injuries  of  the 
eyes  no  remedy  equals  this.  Pricking  pain  and 
soreness  of  periosteum. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Am.;  Calc.  phos. 

Dose. — Tincture. 

SYPHILINUM. 

(The  Syphilitic  Virus — A  Nosode.) 

Chronic  eruptions  and  rheumatism.  Ichthyosis. 
Pains  from  darkness  to  daylight;  decrease  and  in- 


SyPHlUNUM. 


^33 


crease  gradually.  [Siann^]  Syphilitic  affections. 
Hereditary  tendency  to  alcoholism.  Ukeraiton  of 
mouthy  nose,  genitals,  skin.     Succession  of  abscesses. 

Hind. — I-oss  o£  memory;  remembers  everything 
previous  to  his  illness.  Apathetic;  feels  as  if  going 
insane  or  being  paralysed.  Feats  the  night  and  the 
suffering  from  exhaustion  on  awakening.  Hopeless; 
despairs  of  recovery r 

Head. — Linear  pains  from  temple  across^  or  from 
eyes  backward;  cau'e  sleeplessness  and  delirium  at 
night*  Falling  of  the  hair.  Pain  in  bones  of  head. 
Top  of  head  feels  as  if  coming  off. 

Byes. — Chrome  recur reni  phlyctenular  inflamma- 
Uon  of  Corsica;  successive  crops  of  phlyctenules  and 
abrasions  of  epithelial  layer  of  corTiea;  photophobia 
intense,  lachrymation  profuse.  Lids  swollen;  patn 
itttense  at  night;  ptosis.  Diplopia;  one  image  seen 
below  the  other.  Feeling  of  cold  air  blu\\  ing  on  eye. 
[  Fluor,  ac] 

Ears. — Caries  of  ossicles  in  ear  of  syphilitic  origin. 

Nose. — Caries  of  nasal  bones,  hard  palate  and 
septum,  with  perforation ;  ozs^na. 

Houtb. — Teeth  decay  at  gum;  edges  serrated, 
dwarfed.  Tongue  coated,  teeth  indented;  deep 
longitudinal  cracks.  Ulcers  smart  and  liurn.  Ex- 
cessive ftow  of  saliva;  it  runs  out  of  mouth  when 
steeping. 

Stomach. — Craves  alcohol. 

Rectum, — Feels  tied  up  with  strictures.  EnemaB 
very  painfuL     Fisstu-es,  prolapse. 

Extremities,— Sciatica;  worse  at  night;  better 
about  daybreak.  Rheumatism  of  ahoulder-joint ; 
at  insertion  of  deltoid.     Run-around,     Severe  paia 


624         SYPHILINUM SYZYGIUM  JAMBOLANUM. 

in  long  bones.  Redness  and  rawness  between  toes. 
[Sil.]  Indolent  ulcers.  Muscles  contracted  in  hard 
knots. 

Female. — Ulcers  on  labia.  Leucorrhoea  profuse, 
ihin^  watery^  acrid,  with  sharp,  knife-like  jiain  in 
ovaries. 

Respiratory. — Aphonia;  chronic  asthma  in  sum- 
mer, wheezing  and  rattling.  [Tart,  e.]  Cough  dry, 
hard;  worse  at  night;  windpipe  sensitive  to  touch. 
[Loch.]  Lancinating  pains  from  base  of  heart  to 
apex  at  night. 

Extremities. — Rheumatism,  muscles  are  caked  in 
hard  knots  or  lumps.  Rheiunatism  of  shoulder- 
joint.     Always  washing  the  hands. 

Skin. — Reddish -brown  eruption,  with  a  disagree- 
able odor.     Extreme  emaciation. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Merc;  Kal.  hyd.;  Kii- 
ac;  Aur.;  Alum. 

Modalities. — Worse,  at  night,  in  summer.  Better, 
during  day,  moving  about  slowly. 

Dose. — The  highest  potencies  only,  and  in  infre- 
quent doses. 


SYZYGIUM    JAMBOLAHUM. 

(Jambol-Seeds — Enlezing,  active  principle.) 

A  most  useful  remedy  in  diabetes  mellitus.  A'^ 
other  remedy  causes  in  so  marked  degree  the  dintinu- 
lion  and  disappearance  of  sugar  in  the  urine.  OW 
ulcers  of  skin.  Diabetic  ulceration.  The  seeds 
powdered,  ten  grains  three  times  a  day;  also,  the 
tincture. 


TABACUM.  G25 

TABACUM. 
(Tobacco.) 

The  symptomatology  of  Tabacum  is  exceedingly 
well  marked.  The  nausea,  giddiness,  d Kit h -like 
ffcallor,  vomiting,  icy  coldness,  and  sw^at,  with  th*^ 
intermittent  pulse,  are  all  tnost  characteristic,  Com* 
plcte  prostration  of  the  entire  muscular  system.  Col- 
lajjse.     ArteriO'S-clerosis. 

Hind. — Scnsaiion  of  excessive  \sTetcheduess- 
Vtry  despondent.     Forget fuU     Discontented, 

Head.— V^eriigo  ow  opening  eyes;  sick  headache, 
with  dcalhly  nausea^  periodical.  Sudden  pain,  as  if 
struck  by  a  hammer.     Nervous  deafness. 

Eyes,— Dim  sight-  sees  as  through  a  veil;  stra- 
bismus.    Amaurosis;  fiiusefe  volitantes* 

Face.^ — Pale,  blue,  pinched  ^  sunkt^n.  c^ollapsed, 
covered  with  cold  sweat.     [Ars^;  Ikrat^]     Freckles. 

Stomach. — Incessant  nausea;  worse,  smell  of  to- 
^lacco*smoke  [Pkos.];  vomiting  on  least  motion, 
d M rin^  ^r rg na ncy.  [A fit.  t.;  A sar. ;  K reos .;  Nux  v^; 
Sep.;  Stryck.]  Seasickness;  terrible  fami^  sinking 
feeling  at  pit  of  stofnack.  Sense  of  relaxation  of 
Momaeh,  with  nausea.  Up^]  Ga&tralgia:  pain 
from  cardiac  end  extending  to  left  arm. 

Abdomen, ^^-Cold.  tKtitifj  abdomen  ttticmfertd,  U 
lessens  the  nausea  and  vomiting. 

Rectum. — Constipation;  rectum  paralysed,  pro- 
lapsed. Diarrhcea,  sudden,  watery,  with  nausea 
and  vomiting;  prostration,  ajid  cold  sweat;  dis- 
charges look  like  sour  milk,  thick,  eurdledt  watery* 

ITrinary,—  Renal  colic ;  violent  t^iti  aloTi^  \xt^esj 


626  TABACUM. 

Heart. — Palpitation  when  lying  on  left  side. 
Pulse  intermits,  feeble,  imperceptible.  Angina  pec- 
toris.    Pain  radiates  from  center  of  sternum. 

Respiratory. — Difficult,  violent  constriction  of 
chest.  Prsecordial  oppression,  with  palpitation  and 
pain  between  shoulders.  Cough,  dry,  teasing;  must 
take  a  swallow  of  cold  water.  [Causi,;  Phos.]  Dys- 
pnoea, with  tingling  down  left  arm  when  lying  on 
left  side. 

Extremities. — Legs  and  hands  icy  cold;  limbs 
tremble.  Paralysis  following  apoplexy.  [Plumb] 
Gait  shuffling,  unsteady. 

Fever. — Chills,  with  cold  sweat. 

Modalities. — Worse,  opening  eyes;  evening;  ex- 
tremes of  heat  and  cold.  Better ,  uncovering,  open 
fresh  air. 

Relationship.'— Compare:  Camph.;  Verat.;  Ars. 
Compare:  Nicotinum  (alternate  tonic  and  clonic 
spasms,  followed  by  general  relaxation  and  trem- 
bling; nausea,  cold  sweat,  and  speedy  collapse;  head 
drawn  back,  contraction  of  eyelids  and  masseter 
muscles;  muscles  of  neck  and  back  rigid;  hissing 
respiration  from  spasm  of  laryngeal  and  bronchial 
muscles). 

Antidote:  Ars.  (chewing  tobacco);  Ign.  (smok- 
ing); Sep.  (neuralgia  and  dyspepsia);  Lycop.  (iw- 
][)otence);  Nux  (bad  taste  due  to  tobacco);  Cdad- 
and  Plantag.  (cause  aversion  to  tobacco) ;  Phosf- 
(tobacco  heart,  sexual  weakness). 

Dose. — Third  to  thirtieth  and  higher  potencies. 


TANACETUW  VrLG-— TABAKirLA  CUBEN,   637 

TANACETUM    VULGARE, 
(Tansj.) 

armal  lassitude.  Nervous  aod  tired  feeling. 
Mental  fatigue  after  least  exertion.  Irritable,  sen- 
sitive to  nokes.  Of  use  in  chorea  and  reflex  spasm 
(worms). 

Ears^ — Roaring  and  ringing;  voice  sounds 
strange;    cars  seem  to  close  up  suddenly. 

Abdamen. — Pain  in  bowels;  relieved  by  stool. 
Desire  for  stool  immediately  after  eating.    Dysentery, 

Female. — Dysmenorrhoea.  with  bearing-down 
pains,  tenderness,  drawing  in  groins.  Menses  sup- 
pressed: later,  profuse. 

Respiratory, — Hurried,  labored,  stertorous  respi- 
mtion.     Frothy  mucus  obstructs  the  air-passages. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Cimki}.;  Cina;  Ab^ 
sinth.     h'UX  follows  welL 

Dose. — Tincture,  to  third  potency, 

TARAITTULA    CUBENSIS. 
(Cuban  Spider.) 

A  toxa?mic  medicine,  septic  conditions.  Diph* 
theria.  Adapted  to  the  most  severe  types  of  in- 
flammation and  pain,  early  and  persistent  prostra- 
tion. Various  forms  of  malignant  suppuration, 
Purplish  hue  and  burning,  stinging  pains*  Bubo* 
It  is  the  remedy  for  pain  of  death;  soothes  the  last 
Uruggles.  Prurihts,  especially  about  genitals.  Rest- 
less feet.     Intermittent  septic  chills, 

Skin^ — Catbti steles ^  burning,  stingm^  \yam^.     V\m£- 


iY2H        TARAKTULA    CLtBEN. TAftAMLTLA    HTSP. 

plish  liutr,  GiiDgreiie.  Aliscesses,  where  pain  jind 
inflammation  predominate,     Scirrhtis  of  breast. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Ars.,'  Pyrog.:  Cratal.t 
Efchin.;  Anihrai,;  Bcltad.;  Apis* 

Modalities. — Bcit^,  smoking- 

Dose. — Sixth  to  thirtieth  potency. 

TARANTULA    HISPAHIA, 
(Spanish  Spider.) 

Remarkable  nervous  phenom^ena;  hysteria  wth 
chlorosis;  chorea,  dysmenorrhc^ea^  spinal  irritability. 
Extreme  rtsUessrwss;  must  keep  in  constant  molior 
Hysterical  epilepsy* 

Mind. — Sudden  alteration  of  mood.  Foxy.  B^- 
struct! ve  impulses;  moral  relaxation.  Must  con- 
stantly busy  herself  or  walk. 

Head, — Iji tense  pain,  as  if  thousands  of  needles 
were  pricking  into  brain.      Vertigo.     [Graftalmn] 

Male. — Sexual  excitement;  lasciviousness  readi- 
ing  almost  to  insanity;  seminal  emissions. 

Heart, — Palpitation,  prajcordial  anguish,  sensa- 
tion as  if  heart  twisted  and  turned  around. 

Female. — Vulva  dry  and  hotn  with  much  itchin? 
Profuse  menstruation,  with  frequent  erotic  spastns. 
Pritrihis  vulvtE;  nymphomania.  DysmenorrhoEa, 
with  very  sensitive  ovaries. 

Extremities. — Weakness  of  legs;  choreic  move- 
ments.  Numljness  of  legs.  Multiple  sclerosis,  witl> 
trembling.      Twitchirtg  and  jerking- 

Modalities.— ^lFor;rt%  motion,  contact,  noise.  Bf^' 
ter,  in  open  air*  music,  bright  colors,  rubbiEg  *f' 
fee  ted  parts.     Worse,  seeing  other^i  in  trouble. 


TARANTULA    RlSrANIA — TARAXACOM,  62(j 

'      Relationship.-  Con:] tare;   A^ur.;  Cimicij,:  Cupr.; 
Antidott,^:  Lach. 


Dose. — Sixtb  to  thirl irtli  ]Hilency. 


I 


TARAXACUM. 
(DandelionO 


VoT  gastric  headaches,  bilious  attacks,  with  char- 
act e fist ically  mapped  tongue  and  jaundiced  skin. 
Relief  from  ionck.     Hysterical  tympanites^. 

Mouth,' — A  tapped  lon^us.  [Ant,  ,c.;  Ars,;  Kali.; 
Loch.;  Lye;  Natr.  m.:  Nitr,  ac.;  Ran.  sc;  Tertrh^] 
Tongvie  cosercd  with  a  white  film ;  feels  raw ;  cornesoff 
ill  patches,  leaving  rcd^  sensitive  spots.  X>fjss  of  ap- 
petite. Bitter  taste  and  eructations.  Sahvation. 
lAn^c;  Syph.] 

AMomen.— Liver  enlarged  and  indurated.  Sharp 
nitches  in  left  side.  Sensation  of  bubbles  Imrsting 
in  Iwwels.     Tympanites.     Evacuations  difficult. 

Extremities. — Very  restless  limbs.  Neitraigta  of 
knee;  better,  prcsmre. 

Feyer, — Chilliness  after   eatinu,    worse  drinking; 

Hngcr  tips  cold.     BitUr  faslc.     Heat  without  thirst, 

3n  face,  in  attacks  in  toes.     Sweat  on  falling  asleep. 

'  I 
Skin . — Profuse  n  igh t  -stvea ts. 

Modalities, — -Wotse^  resting,  lying  down*  sitting. 

Reliitionship.— Ciompare '  Bry4  Hydrast^;  Nux. 
^ di\  aranva  (nervous  asthma  and  sleeplessness). 

Ipse, — Tineturev  to  third  pot 


^Doi 


630      TARTARIC  AC  — TAXVS  BAC. — TBLLUtUVlC. 

TARTARICUM    ACIDUM. 

(Tartaric  Add.) 

Great  weakness,  with  diarrhoea,  with  dry  and 
brown  tongue.  Continual  vomiting.  Burning  in 
throat  and  stomach.     Pain  in  heels. 

Abdomen. — Pain  around  umbilicus  and  r^on  of 
loins.  Stool  color  of  coffee-grounds  .(worse  at  night), 
with  brown  and  dry  tongue,  and  dark-green  vomit- 
ing. 

Dose. — ^Third  trituration. 

TAXUS    BACCATA. 
(Yew.) 

In  pustular  diseases  of  skin  and  night-sweats. 
Also  in  gout  and  chronic  rheumatism. 

Head. — Supra-orbital  and  temporal  pain  on  right 
side,  with  lachrymation.  Pupils  dilated.  Face 
puffy  and  pale. 

Stomach. — Sahva  hot,  acrid.  Nausea.  Pain  in 
pit  of  stomach  and  region  of  navel.  After  eating, 
cough.  Feeling  of  pins  and  needles  at  pit  of  stom- 
ach. 

Skin. — Large,  flat,  itching  pustules.  Badly- 
smelling  night-sweats.     Podagra.     Erysipelas. 

Dose. — Tincture,  to  third  potency. 

TELLURIUM. 

(The  Metal  Tellurium.) 

Marked  skin  (herpes  circinatus)  and  ear  symp- 
toms.    Very  sensitive  back.     Drowsiness. 


TELLURIUM TEKEBT3S"TtnNA, 


63« 


.—Fear  of  being  touched  in  sensitive  places, 
gestion  to  head  and  nape  of  neck,  followed  by 
.kness    and    faint ness    in    stomach.     Itching   of 
Ip;  red  spots. 

Eyes. — Lids  thickened,  inflamed,  itching.  Ptery- 
gium; pustular  conjunctivitis.     Cataract. 

Eatb.^ EcBenm  behtnd  ear.  Catarrh  of  middle  t^nr; 
discharge  acrid,  mtelis  like  fish-pkkic.  Itching, 
swelling,  throbbing  in  ineatns.     Deafness, 

ITosc-^ — Coryj^p  lachrymation  and  hoarseness; 
Luitter  in  open  air.  [Cepa^]  Obstructed;  hawks 
salty  phlegm  from  posterior  nares. 

Back, — Pain  from  last  cervical  to  fifth  dorsal  vir- 
l  tebra:,  very  sensitive;  worse  touch.  iChin,  s,; 
Pkosph,]  Sciatica;  worfie  right  side,  coughing, 
straining,  and  it  night,  with  sensitive  vertebral 
column.  Contraction  of  tendons  in  hcnds  of  knees. 
Skin. — Itching  of  hands  and  feet.  Herpetic 
^  spots;  ringworm,  [Tubcrc]  Barber's  itch.  Sting- 
ing in  skin.      Fetid  exhalattonir.     [Sulpha] 

Modalities. — Worse,  while  at  rest  at  night,  cold 
weather,  from  friction,  coughing,  laugh ing*  lying  on 
i       j>ainful  side,  touch. 

Re ktionship, —Compare :  Tciradymite  (coccygo-'" 
'  dynia,  ulceration  of  nails;  pciins  in  ankles,  heels,  and 
I       tendo  Achilles);  Sep.;  Ars.:  Puis.;  Rku^ 


'I 


TEREBINTHIHA. 
(Turpentine.) 


rympanites  and  urinary  symptotrvs  veTy  m^tk<id. 
InJfamm^tion  of  tjdneys,  with  hsemciTT\\a^csr— ^iV, 


632  TBRBBlNTHINiU 

passive,  fetid.     Drowsiness  atid  strangury.    Coma. 
Unbroken  chiUflains. 

Head. — Dull  pain  like  from  a  band  around  the 
head.  [Carb.  ac.]  Vertigo,  with  vanishing  of 
vision. 

Eyes. — Ciliary  neuralgia  over  right  eye.  Intense 
pain  in  eye  and  side  of  head.  Amblyopia  from  al- 
cohol. 

Mouth. — Tongue  dry^  redy  sore^  fining;  burning 
in  tip,  with  prominent  papillae.  [Arg.  n.;  BeU.; 
Kali  b.;  Nux  m.]  '  Breath  cold,  foul.  Choking  sen- 
sation in  throat.     Stomatitis. 

Stomach. — Nausea  and  vomiting;  heat  in  epi- 
gastric region. 

Abdomen.  —  Enormous  distention  Diarrhoea; 
stools  watery,  greenish,  fetid,  bloody.  Haemor- 
rhage from  bowels.  Worms;  lumbrici.  Abdom- 
inal dropsy;  pelvic  peritonitis.  Fainting  after  ever}' 
stool.  Enterocolitis,  with  hajmorrhage  and  ulcer- 
ation of  bowels. 

Urinary. — Strangury,  with  bloody  urine.  Scanty, 
suppressed,  of  odor  of  violets.  Urethritis,  with  pain- 
ful erections.  [Canthar.]  Inflamed  kidneys  fol- 
lowing any  acute  disease.     Constant  tenesmus. 

Female. — Intense  burning  in  uterine  region- 
Metritis;  puerperal  peritonitis.  Metrorrhagia  with 
burning  in  uterus. 

Respiratory. — Difficult  breathing;  lungs  feel  dis- 
tended; haemoptysis. 

Heart. — Pulse  rapid,  small,  ^thready,  intermittent. 

Back. — Burning  pain  in  region  of  kidneys.  Draw- 
ing in  right  kidney  extending  to  hip. 


.J 


TEREBINTHINA — TEUCRHTM    MARIM.  633 

Skin.  ^Purpura »  ecchymoHJS,  dropsiies,  Scarla- 
tina. ChilblaiTis;  with  excessive  itching  and  ptaba- 
tive  pains* 

Frrer.^ — Heat,  with  violent  thirst,  dry  tongtie, 
profuse  cold,  dammy  sweat ^  Typhoid  with  tym- 
panites, hscmorrha^e^,  stupor,  deliriiun.  Prostration, 

Rektionsbip. — Compare;  Ahimen;  S^cak;  Canih.; 

Antidote:  Phos.    Ononis  spinosa  (chronic  nephri- 
tis, calculus »  nosebleed,  worse  washing  face). 
Dose. — ^First  to  sixth  potency. 


TEUCRIUM     MARLM: 
(Cat-Thyme.) 

N^sai  and  rectal  s y mptoms  marked .  Polype .  A f- 
feet  ions  of  children.  After  too  much  mtdicine  has 
hecfn  taken.  A  remedy  of  first  importance  h\  chronic 
nasal  catarrh  with  atrophy,  lar^e,  oflfcnsivc  crusts 
and  clinkers-      O^awa,     l^sn  of  sense  af  SfnelL 

Head  *— E  xcit  qd ,  tremulous  f <i^lin  g.  Fron  ta! 
pain;  worse ^  stooping.  Strengthens  brain  after  de- 
lirium tremens. 

Byes, — Smarting  in  canthi:  lids  red  and  ymfly; 
tarsal  tumur.     [5(cif/id 

EftTS.^Hissing  and  ringing;  otalgia. 

ITose*^— Catarrhal  condition  of  both  anterior  and 
Htid  posterior  nostrils.  Ma  cons  pi^lypus.  Chronic 
catarrh;  discharge  of  larne  irregular  cUnkirs.  Foul 
breath.  Crauling  in  nostrjl^.  with  lachryTnation 
iii>d  sneering.     Coryza.  with  s^toppage  of  nfjatrils. 

Stomach.— Vomiting  of  large  quantities  of  dark- 
A^re^//  luassea.     Constant   hicco-a^Vi,  i^xX^itvAxA  ^\>^ 


I 


^34 


TEUCRIUM    MARUM THAIXIOM. 


imln  in  back,  thi natural  appetiten  Hiccough  oit 
eatings  after  rutrsiiig. 

Extremities. — AfTection  of  finj^er-tips  and  picU 
of  toes.  Tearing  pains  in  arms  and  legs.  Pmn  in 
loe-^ails,  as  if  they  bad  grown  into  flesh. 

Rectum. — Ikhing  of  anus,  and  ams^ani  irriMm 
in  the  ciiening  in  bed*  Ascarides,  with  nightly  ft^^ 
Icssness,     Crawling  in  rectum  after  Ktool. 

Sleep, — Restless,  with  twitching »  choking,  and 
starting  up  frightened. 

Skin. — Itching  causes  tossing  about  all  nigbt. 
Very  dry  skin. 

RelatiDDsliip. — Compare:  Teucrium  scorodania  (in 
tuberculosis  with  muco-ptirulent  expectoratioti: 
dropsy;  orchitis  and  tuberculous  epididymitis); 
Cina;  I  gnat,;  Sang.;  StL 

Dose. — First  to  sixth  potency.  Locally  for 
polypi,  dry  powder. 

THALLIUM. 
(The  Metal  Thallium^ 

Relieves  the  violent  pains  in  locomotor  ataxia 
Paraiysis^  of  lower  limbs.  Pain  in  stomach  and 
bowels,  like  electric  shocks.  Paraplegia.  Alo 
pitcia.     Night  sweats. 

Extremities, — Trembling.  Paral>^ic  feeling.  Lan- 
cinating pains,  like  electric  shocks.  Very  tir^ 
Numbness  in  fingers  and  toes,  with  extension  tip 
lower  extremities,  involving  lower  abdomen  fl^^' 
perineum.     Paralysis  of  lower  Hfnbs. 

Relationship. — Compare:  iMthyr.;  Caust.:  M' 
njf  ;  Plumbum. 

J>ose, — Lower  triturations  to   thirtieth  |30tem\v 


THASPILTM    AURt;ijM — THEA.  635 

THASPIUM    AUREUM— ZIZIA. 
( Meado  w-Parsn  ip . ) 

Hysteria,  epilepsy,  chorea,  hypochondriasis  come 
within  the  sphere  of  this  remedy- 

Mind. — Suicidal;  depressed;  laughing  and  wee]>- 
Ing  moods  alternate. 

Head. — Pressure  on  top,  in  right  temple,  asso- 
ciated with  backache* 

Male* — Great  lassitude  following  coitus.  Sexual 
ix>wer  increased* 

FemaJe. — Intermittent  neuralgia  of  left  ovary. 
Acrid,  profuse  leucorrhoea,  with  retarded  menses. 

Respiratory. — Dry  cough,  with  stitches  in  chest. 
Dyspnoea. 

Eztremitiea, — Unusual  tired  fueling.  Chorea^  es- 
pecialiy  during  slrep.  Fidgety  legs*  [Tarant^] 
Lameness  in  arms  and  spasmodic  twitching. 

Modalities. — Worse,  during  sleep. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Agar.;  Sir  am.;  Tannti.; 
Cuuia;  /Etkusa. 

Dose, — Tincture,  to  third  potency. 

THEA. 
(Tea.) 

Nervous  sleeplessness,  heart  troubles,  palpitation, 
Hnd  dyspepsia  of  old  tea -drinkers. 

Head, ^Temporary  mental  exaltation*  lll-hu- 
snored.  Sick  headache  radiating  from  one  point* 
Sleepless  and  restless.  Hallucinations  of  hearing. 
Cold  damp  feeling  at  back  of  bead. 


636  TIIEA THERIDION. 

Stomach. — Faint,  gone  feeling.  [Sep.;  Hyd.; 
Olcand.]     Craves  acids. 

Abdomen. — Borborygmi.     Liability  to   hernia. 

Female. — Soreness  and  tenderness  in  ovaries. 
[Lack.;  Naja;    Vespa.] 

Heart. — Anxious  oppression.  Prajcordial  distress. 
Palpitation ;  unable  to  lie  on  left  side.  Fluttering. 
Pulse  rapid,  irregular,  intermittent. 

Sleep. — Sleepy  in  daytime ;  sleepless  at  night,  with 
vascular  excitement  and  restlessness,  and  dry  skin. 
Horrible  dreams  cause  no  horror. 

Modalities. — Worse,  night,  on  walking  in  open  air, 
after  meals.     Better,  warmth.     Warm  bath. 

Relationship. — Antidote:  Thuja.  Ferr.  Beer. 
(Cofifee  drinkers  should  drink  wine;  tea  drinkers 
should  drink  beer). 

Dose. — Third  to  thirtieth  potency. 

THERIDION. 

(Orange-Spider.) 

Vertigo,  sick  headache,  peculiar  pain  around  heart 
region,  phthisis  florida,  scrofula  have  all  been  treated 
successfully  with  this  remedy.  Sensitive  to  noise;  li 
penetrates  the  body,  especially  teeth.  Rachitis,  caries, 
necrosis.     Phthisis,  stitch  high  up  in  left  apex. 

Mind. — Restless;  finds  pleasure  in  nothing.  Tinu' 
passes  too  (quickly. 

Head. — Pain  worse  any  one  walking  over  floor. 
\'ertigo,  with  nausea  and  vomiting  on  least  ntotioiu 
particularly  when  closing  eyes. 

Eyes. — Luminous  vibrations  before  eyes;  sensitive 


TBERIDION— TIIIOBJNAMI  N  t^M 


^M 


to   ligiit.     I'rcssure    bebind    eyeballs      Throbbing 
mcr  left;  eye* 

lose-— Disdiarge  yeUmvish,  thick,  offettsivc; 
otsena,     [Puis.;  Thitja] 

Stomacli,— Seasickness^.  Naus&i  tind  vomiting 
when  closing  eyes  and  on  tiiotinn,  [Ta/iur]  Sting- 
iiig  pain  on  left  side  over  anterior  as^pcci  of  spleen. 
Burning  in  liver  region. 

R^spiratoty. — Pain  in  upper  kft  chest-  [Mwi.; 
*is;  Anis]  Pain  in  kft  floating  ribs.  Cofdiac 
mitiy  and  pain.     Pinching  in  left  pectoral  muscle. 

Back. — Sensitiveness  between  A'ertcbra.%  avoids 
r assure  on  spine.  [.4 gar.;  BdL;  Cktn,  i.;  tMck.; 
ffim.:  Zinc^]     Stinging  pains.  '  " 

'oiy — St ifiging  tk r n si s  t-vt^ytL^Hn .     Scnssi t i v ti  sk in 
thighs.     Itching  sensations, 

Mo6&liiies,-— Worse,  touch;  presattre;  on  shi]»!)rn'ird; 
im^  in  carriage;  closing  eyes;  jar;  noise;  coitus; 
left  side- 


Dose. — Thirtieth  potency. 


4 


THIOSlNAMIirUM. 

(A  Chemical  Derived   from  Oil  of    Mustard'Setd«) 

A  restilvent,  externa  11  >-  and  intcniiilly  Ujt  dissalv- 
ing  scar  tissue^  tumors^  enlar^^cd  glands;  tupus^ 
strict ures»  adhesions.  Ectropion,  opacities  of  eor^ 
nea,  cataract,  ankylosis,  fibroids,  sclcruderrna. 

Dos«*^- Inject  under  skin  or  into  the  lesion  a  io% 
solution  in  glycerine  and  water,  15  en^  30  drojjs  twicfl 
a  wiwk-     hUenmWy  in  capsules  Kci\— ^.  iVv'^^. 


638  THLA8PI   BURSA   PASTORI8 — TQUJA. 

THLASPI   BUBSA  PAST0RI8. 

(Shepherd's  Purse.) 

Is  an  anti-hsemorrhagic  and  anti-uric-ackL  remedy. 
Albttminuria  dtiring  gestation.  Chronic  neuralgia. 
Renal  and  vesical  irritation.  Hsexnorrhage  from 
uterine  fibroid;  uterine  haemorrhage,  with  cramps 
and  expulsion  of  clots. 

Head. — Eyes  and  face  puflfy.  Frequent  epistaxis. 
Vertigo;  worse,  rising.  Frontal  pain;  worse  toward 
evening.  Scaly  eruption  behind  ear.  Tongue 
white,  coated.     Mouth  and  lips  cracked. 

Male. — Spermatic  cord  sensitive  to  concussion  of 
walking  or  riding. 

Female. — Metrorrhagia;  too  frequent  and  copioos 
menses.  Haemorrhage,  with  violent  uterine  colic. 
Leucorrhc3ea  before  and  after  menses;  bloody,  dark, 
offensive.  Sore  pain  vn  womb  on  rising.  Scarcely 
recovers  from  one  period  before  another  begins. 

Urinary. — Frequent  desire;  urine  heavy ^  phos- 
phatic.  Chronic  cystitis.  Dysuria  and  spasmodic 
retention.  Haematuria.  Accumulation  of  gravel. 
.  Renal  colic.  Brick-dust  sediment.  Urethritis;  urine 
runs  away  in  little  jets. 

Rectum. — Muco-purulent,  bloody  discharge. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Urtica;  Croc.;  Trill', 
Millefol. 

Dose. — ^Tincture,  to  sixth  potency. 

THUJA. 
(Arbor-Vitae.) 
The  main  action  of  Thuja  is  on  the  skin  and  genito- 
urinary organs,  producing  conditions  that  correspond 


WliiSc.  scaly  d&adndF;  ha3k  dfT  &ad  fiJUilf  <^t 

mots  [5ia|ik  }^     Actite  *tid  $3aK*ciatr  in^mtiVAt«M\ 
f^.    Large  llsit  pSsli-cteiiiiiktfs  imdi^^mi      lH^is^irri^'vft 

liTS.^ — Chmnic  otitis :  dkchaT^  pttni Viu  <>f*k  * 
mg  when  siralkiwin^.     Poly|M 

MouHt. — Tip  of  tonffiie  \ t*r\  jutninl      1+  n*^*  Nts 
Urs  on  sid€  cl^>s€  io  ri*t>f,  fyainfMHy  s*^n\.     Tcctb  dc» 
cay  neirt  to  ^ms:  very  *;cmitivts  ijurivsk  rrlmol. 
Drinks   la!)  audibly  into  stotmiih       Rntmlu;  vttH- 
cose  vein^  on  ton^e  and  mmith<     (/Viiifi  { 

Wose* — Chronic  catarrh;  thick  (jnxni  nnuniw,  Mik^iI, 
find  pus.  On  blowinij  noM.\  pjiiii  in  tCf^tU  Ulcff* 
tttion  within  the  nostril,  DrMirsN  uf  na^ml  r*n'Uit**i 
P^mfnl  pre^xtTe  at  n>ot. 


640  THiyjA. 

Stomach. — Complete  loss  of  appetite.  •  Disfike  for 
fresh  meat  and  potatoes.  Rancid  eructatiotis  after 
fat  food.     Cutting  pain  in  epigastrium. 

Abdomen. — Distended;  indurations .  in  alitdomeiL 
Chronic  diarrhoea,  worse  after  breakfast.  Dis- 
charges forcibly  expelled;  gurgling  sound.  Brown 
spots.  Flatulence  and  distention;  proiruding  km 
and  there.  Rumbling  and  colic.  Constipation,  with 
violent  rectal  pain,  causing  stools  to  recede.  [SU.; 
Sanic.]  Piles  swollen;  pain  worse  sitting.  Anns 
fissured ;  painful  to  touch,  with  warts.  MovemefU  as 
of  something  living  [Crocus]  without  pain. 

Urinary. — Urethra  swollen,  inflamed.  Urinar)' 
stream  split  and  small.  Sensation' of  trickling  after 
urinating.     Severe  cutting  after.     [Sars.] 

Male. — Inflammation  of  prepuce  and  glans; 
pain  in  penis.  Balanitis.  Gonorrhceal  rheutnatism. 
Pain  and  burning  felt  near  neck  of  bladder,  with  fre- 
quent and  urging  desire  to  urinate.  Prostatic  en- 
largement. [Ferr.  pic.;  Thiosinaminum;  lod.; Sahd] 

Female. —  Vagina  very  sensitive.  [Berb.;  Kreos.: 
Lyssin.]  Warty  excrescences  on  vulva  and  peri- 
neum. Profuse  leucorrhoea ;  thick,  greenish.  Severe 
pain  in  left  ovary  [Arg.  m.;  Lach.;  Ust.]  and  left 
inguinal  region.  Menses  scanty,  retarded.  Polyfil 
fleshy  excrescences.  Ovaritis;  worse  left  side,  worse 
every  menstrual  period.     [Lach.] 

Respiratory. — Dry,  hacking  coiigh  in  afternoon, 
with  pain  in  pit  of  stomach.  Stitches  in  chest; 
worse,  cold  drinks.  Asthma  in  children.  [Nai- 
sulph.]     Papilloma  of  larynx. 

Extremities. — When  walking,  limbs  ieel  as  if  fflftde 


I 


wood  or  glass,  and  w^ould  break  easily.     Tips  of 
gers  swollen,  red,   feel   dead.     Muscular  twitch - 
jgs,  weakness,  and  trernblmg. 

M  Skin, — Polypi,  tubercles,  waris,  epithelioma,  na^vi, 
carbuncles;  ulcers,  especially  in  ano-genital  region. 
Freckles  and  blotches.  Perspiration  sweetish  and 
strong.  Dry  skin,  with  brown  spots.  Zona;  her- 
petic eruptions.  Tearing  pains  in  glands.  Glandu- 
lar enJargement.  Nails  crippled:  brittle  and  soft. 
Eruptions  only  on  covered  parts,  worse  after  scratch- 
ing.    Very  sensitive  to  touch. 

FcTer. — Chill,  beginning  in  thighs.  Sweat  cndy 
on  iiticovered  parts,  or  all  over  except  head,  when 
sleeping;  profuse,  sour,  smelling  like  honey ^  Or* 
gasm  of  blood  in  the  evening,  with  throbbing  in  the 
blood-vessels* 

Modalities* — Worse,  at  night,  from  heat  of  bed ; 
at  3  A,  M.  and  3  p*  M,,  froni  cold,  darnp  air;  after 
breakfast;  coffee;  vaccination.  Better,  while  draw- 
ing up  a  limb. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Mi'tastoma  (pain  in 
perinEEum;  prostatic  affections)*  Sphingnrus  (fall- 
ing out  of  hair  from  beard;  pain  in  jaw-joint  and 
zygoma);  Ant,  tart.;  SiL;  M aland,  (vaccination); 
Medorrh.  (suppressed  gonorrhoea);  .4 raw.;  Nat,  sidph 
(hydrogenoid  constitution);  Merc;  Cinnab.;  Sahin.; 
SiL;  Canih.;  Cannab.;  Nil.  ac;  Puis.  Arbor  in  m  a 
non-alcoholic  preparation  of  Thuja. 

Antidotes:  Merc;  Cam  ph.;  Sabin.  (warts). 

Boae. — Locally  for  warts  and  excrescences ^  tinc- 
ture, or  cerate.  Internally,  tincture,  to  thirtiietk 
potency^ 


642  THYROIDINE. 

THYROIDINE. 

(Dried  Thyroid  Gland  of  the  Sheep.) 

Of  use  in  myxoedema,  psoriasis,  and  tachycardia. 
Arrested  development  in  children.  Goitre.  Exces- 
sive obesity.  Amblyopia.  Mammary  tumor.  Uter- 
ine fibroid.  Great  weakness  and  hunger,  yet  loses 
flesh. 

Mind. — Stupor,  alternating  with  restless  melan- 
choly. 

Head. — Frontal  headache.  Eyeballs  prominent. 
Face  flushed;  lips  bum.     Tongue  thickly  coated. 

Heart. — Weak,  frequent  pulse,  with  inability  to 
lie  down.  Tachycardia.  [Naja.]  Anxiety  about 
chest,  as  if  constricted.  Palpitation  from  least  exer- 
tion. 

Urinary. — Increased  flow;  polyiiria;  some  albu- 
men and  sugar.  Enuresis  in  weakly  children  who 
are  nervous  and  irritable. 

Extremities. — Aching  pains.     CEdema  of  legs. 

Skin. — Psoriasis  {not  in  developing  stage).  Skin 
dry,  impoverished.  Cold  hands  and  feet.  Eczema. 
Uterine  fibroids.  Brawny  swelling.  SwelHng  of 
glands  of  stony  hardness. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Spongia;  Calc;  Fticus; 
Kali  hyd.;  lodothyrine  (goitre,  obesity). 

Dose. — Crude  Thyroid  at  times;  better  third  to 
thirtieth  potency.  If  the  crude  Thyroid  is  taken 
(two  to  three  grains  or  more  daily),  the  pulse  should 
be  watched. 


TILIA    EUROP^A TITANIUM.  643 

TILIA    EUROPjEA, 

(Lindea.) 

Of  valtie  in  muscular  weakness  of  the  eyes;  haem- 
orrhage of  thin,  pale  blood.  Puerperal  metritis. 
Diseases  of  the  antrum.     [Kalt  kyd.;  Ckdid.] 

Head. — Neuralgia  (first  right,  then  left  side),  with 
veil  before  eyes^  Confusion,  with  dimness  of  vision. 
Much  snee^iing,  with  fluent  corysta.  Bleeding  from 
nose. 

Byes*- — Sensation  as  of  gauze  before  eyes.  \Calcr, 
Caust,;  Nat,  m.]     Binocular  vision  imperfect. 

Female. — Inimise  s&re  feeling  about  uierus;  bear- 
ing-down, with  hot  sweat,  but  without  relief.  Much 
slimy  leucorrhoea  when  walking.  [Bov.;  Carb.  an.; 
Graph,]  Soreness  and  redness  of  external  genitals. 
[Tku},;  Sulph] 

Skin. — Urticaria.  Violent  itching,  and  burning 
like  fire  after  scratching.  Eruption  of  small  red. 
itching  pimples.  Sweat  warm  and  profuse  soon  after 
falling  asleep.  Sweat  increase  as  rheumatic  pains 
increase.  I 

Relationship, — Compare:  Lilium;  Bellad. 

IkQWi, — Tine  tare,  to  thirtieth  potency. 

TITAWIUM. 
(The  Metal.) 

Imperfect  vision,  the  peculiarity  being  that  half 
an  object  only  could  be  seen  at  once.  Verttcat  kemi' 
opta^  Also,  sexual  weaknesfit  with  loo  early  ejacu- 
lation of  semen  in  coitus. 

Dose.— Lower  and  middle  potencies.  ^^ 


644  TONOO — ^TRIFOUUM'PRATENSE. 

tONGO. 

(Tonka-Bean— Dipterix  odorata.) 

In  neuralgias;  pertussis. 

Head. — ^Tearing  pain  in  supra-orbital  nerve,  with 
heat  and  throbbing  pain  in  head  and  epiphora. 
Confused,  especially  the  occiput,  with  somnolence 
and  a  sort  of  intoxication.  Trembling  in  right  upper 
lid.  Coryza:  nose  stopped,  must  breathe  through 
mouth. 

Extremities. — ^Tearing  pains  in  hip-joints,  femur, 
and  knee,  especially  left  side. 

Relationship. — Melilotus.  Anthoxanthum,  Aspe- 
rula,  and  Tonga  contain  Coumartfiy  the  active  prin- 
ciple. Compare  them  in  hay-fever;  also,  Trifol; 
Naphth.;  Sahad. 

Dose. — Tincture  and  lower  potencies. 

TRIFOLIUM    PRATENSE. 
(Red  Clover.) 

Produces  most  marked  ptyalism..  Feeling  of  full- 
ness and  congestion  of  salivary  glands,  followed  by 
increased  copious  flow  of  saliva.  Feeling  as  if 
mumps  were  coming  on.  Crusta  lactea;  dry,  scaly 
crusts.     Stiff  neck.     Cancerous  diathesis. 

Mouth. — Increased  flow  of  saliva.  [Merc;  Syf>hil] 
Sore  throat,  with  hoarseness. 

Respiratory. — Coryza  like  that  which  precedes 
hay-fe\rer;  thin  mucus,  with  much  irritation.  Hoarse 
and  choking  spells  at  night,  with  cough.  Cough  on 
coming  into  the  open  air.  Hay-fever.  Spasmodic 
coughs,  whooping-cough,  paroxysms;  worse  at  night- 


; 


TR1FOLR1M    PRAT.^ — ^TRlLLltTW.  645 

Back.^ — Neck  stiiT:  cramp  in  sterno-cleido  muscles; 
relieved  by  heat  arid  friction. 

Extremities, — Tiiigling-  in  palms.  Hands  and 
feet  cold.     Tibial  ulcers. 

RelAtionsIiip.^ — Compare:   Trifolium  repens   (fee! 
ing  of  congestion  in  salivary  glands). 

Dose— Tincttire 

TRILLIUM     PENDULUM. 

(White  Beth-root.) 

A  general  hsemorrhagic  medicine.  Chronic  diar- 
rhcea  of  bloody  mucus.  Uterine  hcemorrhage. 
Threatened  abortion. 

Head, — ^Pain  in  forehead  ;  worse,  noise.  Confused: 
eyebaUs  feel  too  lar^e.  Vision  blurred ;  ever>^hing 
looks  bluish.     Nosebleed.       [Millef.;  Melilot.} 

Houtb. — Haemorrhage  from  gums.  Bleeding  af- 
ter tooth  extraction. 

Stomach. — Heat  and  burning  in  stomach  rising 
up  in  oesophagus.     Ha^matemesis. 

Fetoale. — Uterine  haemorrhages,  with  sensation  as 
ihough  hips  and  back  were  failing  io  pteces;  better, 
tight  bandages.  Gushing  of  bright  blood  on  least 
mov^ement.  [BdL;  Ckam:;  [p.;  Phos.;  SahiH.;  Se- 
cale;  Us^]  Haemorrhage  from  fibroids.  [Calc.; 
A'Kf,  ac;  Pkos,;  Snlph.  ac]  Prolapse,  with  great 
bearing-down.  Leucorrhcea  copious,  yellow  [.^rs'.; 
Ch  am.  i  Sep . ;  5t4ph .] ,  string  y .  [  Hydras. ;  Kali  b . ; 
Sabt  n  J  Metrorrhagia  at  c  limac t  eric ,  {  Catc . ;  Lack . ; 
Sang.;  S0p*] 

Respiratorj, — Cough,  with  spitting  oi  blood.  C*^- 
pious  purulent  expectoration.     Hg^iuO'^t^^W^     KsiV- 


646  TRILLIUM. — ^TRIOSTBUM    PBRFOL. 

ing  at  end  of  stemtun.     Stiffocative  attack  of  irregu- 
lar breathing,  with  sneezing. 

Rectum. — Chronic  diarrhoea;  discharge  bloody. 
Dysentery;  passage  almost  pure  blood. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Vaccinium  myrtyUus 
(dysentery,  acute  and  chronic);  Trilliufn  cernuwm 
(eye  symptoms;  everything  looks  bluish;  greasy  feel- 
ing in  mouth);  Ficus  (haemorrhages;  menorrhagia, 
haematuria,  epistaxis,  haematemesis,  bleeding  piles); 
I  pec;  Sab.;  Kali  carb.;  Loch. 

Dose. — ^Tincture  and  lower  potencies. 


TRIOSTEUM    PERFOLIATUM. 

(Fever-Root.) 

Triosteum  is  a  very  valuable  remedy  in  diarrhoea 
attended  with  colicky  pains  and  nausea,  numbness 
of  lower  limbs  after  stool,  and  increased  flow  of  urine; 
also  in  influenza. 

Head. — Occipital  pain,  with  nausea  on  rising, 
followed  by  vomiting.  Influenza,  with  aching  pains 
all  over,  and  heat  in  the  limbs. 

Stomach. — Loathing  of  food;  nausea  on  rising, 
followed  by  vomiting  and  cramps.  Stools  watery, 
frothy. 

Extremities. — Stiffness  of  all  joints;  calves  numb; 
aching  in  bones.     Rheumatic  pain  in  back. 

Skin. — Itching  welts.  Urticaria  from  gastric  de- 
rangement. 

Dose. — Tincture  and  lower  potencies. 


TRITICUM TROMBIDIUM—TUBERCULINUM.     647 

TRITICUM, 

f  Couch-grass.) 

An  excellent  remedy  in  excessive  irritability  of  the 
bladder,  dysuria,  cystitis,  gonorrhnea. 

Hose, ^Always  blowing  nose,  -*  i421 

Urinary, — Frequent,  dtffknlt,  and  painful  urina- 
tion.  IPop.j  Crravelly  deposits.  Catarrh a.1  and 
purulent  discharges.  [Pareira,]  Strangury;  pye- 
litis; enlarged  prostate.  Chronic  cystic  irritability* 
Incontinence;  constant  desire. 

Relationship. ^^ — Compare :  TradescanHa  (painful 
urination,  urethral  discharge,  scrotum  inflamed). 
Chimaph.;   Sen^cio.;    Populus  irem. 

Dose> — ^Tinct  ure . 

TROMBIBUJM, 
(Red  Acaxus  of  the  Fly.> 

Has  a  specific  place  in  the  treatment  of  dysentery. 
Symptoms  are  worse  by  eating  or  drinktng. 

Abdomen.— Gripmg  in  hypochondrium  in  mom* 
ing,  Congestion  of  the  liver,  with  urgent  loose  stools 
on  rising,  Brown,  thin,  bloody  stools,  with  tenes- 
mus. During  stooK  sharp  pain  in  left  side,  shooting 
downward .     Burning  in  anus. 

Dose,— Sixth  to  thirtieth  potency. 


TUBERCULIN  UM, 

(A  Ifosode  from  Tubercular  AbscessO 

Of  undoubted  value  in  the  tTealTue.nX,  ol  inci^'lcYLV 
fiibercuions.     Especially  adapted  to  t\\^  Nv^gc^^-tutiit© 


I 


648  TUBERCULINUM. 

plexioned,  narrow-chested  subjects.  When  symp- 
toms are  constantly  changing  xind  well-selected  rem- 
edies fail  to  improve,  and  cold  is  taken  from  the  slightest 
exposure.  Rapid  emaciation.  Of  great  value  in 
epilepsy,  neiirasthenia,  and  in  nervous  children. 
Skin  affections,  acute  articular  rheumatism. 

Ears. — Persistent  offensive  otorrhoea.  Perfora- 
tions in  membrana  tympanic  with  ragged  edges. 

Head. — Everything  seems  strange.  Intense  pain, 
as  of  an  iron  band  around  head.  Meningitis.  Noc- 
turnal hallucinations;  awakes  frightened.  Plica 
polonica.  [  Vinca.]  Crops  of  small  boils,  intensely 
painful,  successively  appear  in  the  nose;  green  fetid 
pus. 

Abdomen. — Early -morning,  sudden  diarrhoea. 
[Sulph.]  Stools  dark-brown,  offensive,  discharged 
with  much  force.     Tabes  mesenterica. 

Female. — Menses  too  early,  too  profuse,  long- 
lasting.     Dysmenorrhcea. 

Respiratory. — Hard,  dry  cough  during  sleep.  Ex- 
pectoration thick,  easy.     Shortness  of  breath. 

Skin. — Eczema;  itching  intense;  worse  at  night. 
Ringworm .     [  Tellur.] 

Relationship. — Compare:  Koch's  lymph  {acute  par- 
cnchym^tous  nephritis;  produces  pneumonia,  bron- 
cho-pneumonia, and  congestion  of  the  lungs  in 
tuberculous  patients,  and  is  a  remarkably  efficacious 
remedy  in  lobular  pneumonia — broncho-pneumonia)', 
Aviaire — Tuberculin  from  birds — (has  proved  an  ex- 
cellent remedy  in  influenzal  bronchitis;  symptoms 
similar  to  tuberculosis;  relieves  the  debility,  dimin- 
ishes the  cough,  improves  the  appetite,  and  braces  up 
the  whole  organism;  cough,  acute,  inflammatory,  ir- 


ffi[tii 


TUBERCULINUM TURNERA TUSS.  PET.    649 


kting,  incesisant,  and  tickling;  loss  of  strength  and 
appetite) ;  Hydrast,  (to  fatten  patients  after  Tuberc.) ; 
Fotmic  acid  (tuberculosis,  chronic  nephritis,  malig- 
nant tumors;  pulmonary  tuberculosis,  not  in  third 
stage,  however;  lupus;  carcinoma  of  breast  and 
stomach;  Dr^  KruU  uses  injections  of  solutions  cor- 
responding to  the  third  centesimal  potency;  these 
must  not  be  repeated  before  six  nionths) .  Compare : 
Bacil.;  Psorin.;  Lack.  Kalagua  (tuberculosis;  gar- 
licky odor  of  all  secretions  and  breath). 

Dose.^ — Thirtieth  and  higher,  in  infrequent  doses. 


I 


TURHERA. 
(Damiaua,) 

Of  use  in  sexual  neurasthenia ;  impotency.  Sexual 
debility  from  nervous  prostration.  Incontinence  of 
old  people.     Chronic  prostatic  discharge. 

Dose. — Tincture  and  fluid  extract — ten-to  forty - 
drop  doses.  '^ 

TUSSILAGO    PETASITES, 

(Butter-Burr,)  JH 

Has  some  action  on  the  urinary  organs,  and  found 
useful  in  gonorrhoea.     Affections  of  pylorus. 

Urinary. — Crawling  in  urethra, 

Male. — Gonorrhea;  yellowish,  thick  discharge. 
Erections,  with  urethral  crawling.  Pain  in  sper- 
matic cord. 

Relationship. ^Com par e :  Tussilago  fragrans  (py- 
Icrt-us  pain,  plethora  and  corpulency k  THSsilago  far* 
f&ra  (coughs). 
I Bose.— Tincture. 


650  UPAS    TIENTE URANIUM    NITRICUM. 

UPAS    TIENTE. 
(Upas-Tree — Strychnos  Tiente.) 

Produces  tonic  spasms,  tetanus,  and  asphyxia. 

Head. — Disinclined  for  mental  work.  Irritable. 
Dull  aching  deep  in  brain. 

Eyes. — Pain  in  eyes  and  orbits,  with  conjunctivitis. 
Dull,  sunken  eyes.     Styes. 

Mouth. — Herpes  on  lips.  Burning  on  the  tongue. 
Pain  in  mouth,  as  from  a  splinter.     [Nit.  ac.] 

Male. — Desire  increased,  with  loss  of  power.  Dull 
backache,  as  after  excessive  coitus. 

Chest. — Lancinating  pain  throughout  right  lung 
toward  the  liver,  stopping  breathing.  Violent  pal- 
pitation; sensation  of  heaviness  in  stomach. 

Skin. — NXimb  hands  and  feet.  Hangnails  in- 
flamed; itching  and  redness  of  roots  of  nails. 

Relationship. — Compare :  Upas  antiarts  (differs  in 
producing  clonic  spasms,  violent  vomiting,  diarrhoea, 
great  prostration).     Oxal.  ac. 

Antidote:  Curara. 

Dose. — Third  to  sixth  potency. 

URANIUM    NITRICUM. 
(Nitrate  of  Uranium.) 

Diabetes,  ulceration  of  stomach  and  duodenum, 
tympanites  are  well  met  by  many  symptoms  of  this 
drug.     Great  prostration.     Diseases  of  liver. 

Head. — Ill-tempered;  dull,  heavy  pain.  Nostrils 
sore,  with  purulent  acrid  discharge. 

Eyes. — Lids  inflamed  and  agglutinated ;  styes. 


ISTT.— UREA— rUTlCA    UUEKS. 


6si 


Stomadk— Estcesdix  thirst:  nausea;  vc*miHng. 
Boring  pi^in  in  pylori:  regiim.  Gastru  and  duodenal 
ukeTs.     Btiming  pain.     Abdomen  bloated. 

Urinary. — Copious  urination-      Diutrsts.      Incon* 
tineoce  of  urioe.      Diabetes^     IBov^;    Hehn.;  Lyc^; 
Ph&s.  ac.:  Pkos.;  Plb^,-  Tarani.:  Tereb.]     Excessive 
thirst.     Enxaciation  and  tympanites.      Burning  in  I 
urethra,   with   very  acid   urine.     Unable  to   retain  | 
urine  without  pain- 

Male, — Complete  im potency,  with  nocturnal  emis- 
sions.    Organs  cold,  relaxed,  sweaty. 

Relfttioiiship, — Compare:     Phos.    ac.;    Lad,    aC-;] 
Arg.  niL;  Kali  hkk.;  Ars.:  Phloruhin  (a  glucosidat 
principle  obtained  from  the  bark  of  the  apple  and 
other  fruit  trees.     Produces  diabetes.     Daily  dos^ 
IS  grains). 

Dose« — Second  trittuation. 

UREJl. 

(Carbamide,) 

Tuberculosis.  Lupus.  Enlarged  glands.  Renal 
dropsy,  with  symptoms  of  general  intoxication. 
Gouty  eczema.     Albuminuria  *  diabetes;  uraemia » 

Relationship. — Compare;  Uric  acid  (gout*  gouty 
eczeman  rheumatism,  lipoma);  Urium  (acne,  boils, 
scurvy,  dropsy);    Urtica:  I'tihercuL;  Thyroid, 


URTICA     URENS. 

(Stinging-Nettle.) 
A  remedy   for  agalactia   and  lithiasis.     EtiureBU 
a  ad  urticaria.     Spleen  affections.     Antidi>U*s  ill  t*/- 
ffTfj  of  eating  shell-fish.     Symptoms  retUfti  al  t.V\^ 
same  time  every  year. 


652  URTICA   URENS — USiMEA  B AREATA. 

Female. — Diminished  secretton  of  milk.  Uterine 
haemorrhage.  Acrid  and  excoriating  leticorrhoea. 
Pruritus  Tmlvce,  with  stinging,  itching,  and  oedema. 
Arrests  flow  of  milk  after  weaning.  Excessive  swell- 
ing of  breasts. 

Extremities. — Pain  in  deltoid;  pain  in  ankles, 
wrists. 

Skin. — Itching  blotches.  Urticaria,  burning  heat, 
with  formication ;  violent  itching.  Consequences  of 
suppressed  nettle-rash.  Rheiunatism  alternates 
with  nettle-rash..  Burns  confined  to  skin.  Urti- 
caria nodosa.  [Bov.]  Erythema,  with  burning  and 
stinging.  Burns  and  scalds.  Chicken-pox  [Dulc.] 
Angioneurotic  oedema.  Herpes  labialis  with  sen- 
sation of  heat  and  itching. 

Modalities. — Worse  from  snow-air;  water,  cool 
moist  air,  touch. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Nat.  mur.;  Laic,  can.; 
Ricin.  (diminished  mammary  secretion);  Bombyx; 
Rhus;  Apis;  Chloral.;  Astac.;  Puis,  (urticaria);  Bo- 
letus luridus  and  Anacard.  (urticaria  tuberosa);  Ly- 
cop.  and  Hedeoma  (uric  acid  conditions).     Medusa. 

Dose. — Tincture  and  lower  potencies. 

USNEA    BARBATA. 
(A  Lichen.) 
Is  a  remedy  in  some  forms  of  congestive  headache; 
sunstroke.  ..  • 

Head. — Bursting  feeling,  as  if  temples  would  burst, 
or  the  eyes  burst  out  of  the  sockets.  Throbbing 
carotids.     [Bell.] 

Relationship. — Compare:  Glonoine;  Bellad. 
Dose. — Tincture,  drop  doses. 


URSl. 


USTILAGO    MAYDIS. 

(Corn-Smut.) 

Flabby  condition  of  uterus,  Hfemorrhiige.  Con-' 
gestion  to  various  parts»  especially  at  climacteri<:^'. 
Crusta  lactea.     [  Vicfla  trie] 

Head,— Very  depressed.  Full  feeling.  NervpUs 
headache  from  menstrual  irregularities.  AchtJig  in 
eyeballs,  with  much  lachryraatioa. 

Male. — Sperinatorrhcca,  with  erotic  fancies  an4 
amorous  dreams.  Emissions,  with  irresistible  ten- 
dency to  masturbation.  DiiU  pain  in  lumbar  region, 
with  great  despondency  and  mental  irritability.     , 

Female, — Vicarious  menstruation*  [Bry^;  Phos.] 
Ovaries  bum,  pain,  swell.  Profuse  menses  after 
miscarriage;  discharge  of  blood  from  slightes^t  provo- 
catJoTi  [I  pec;  Sab  inn] ;  bright  red;  partly  clotted, 
Menorrhagia  at  climaxis.  [Calc.  c.;  Lack]  OoEing 
of  dark  blood,  clotted,  forming  long  black  strings. 
[-4rg.  n.;  Croc.:  Lac.  c]  Uterus  hypertrophied. 
Cervix  bkeds  easily,  [Sulpha  ae.]  Postpartum  ha?m- 
orrhage,     [I  pec;  Sab.;  Sec  J]     Profuse  lochia. 

Skin. — jyopecia.  Tendency  to  srriall  boils,  Stin 
dry;  eczema;  copper-colored  spots. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Secale;  Sahin. 

Dose. — Tincture,  to  third  potency  i 


rwith  bloody  urine.     Uterine  b hemorrhage.     Ch 
veswuIirntatioT},  with  pain,  tenesmxajav'i*-^^^ 


UVA    URSI. 
(^Bearb^rry,) 

Urinary    symptoms    most     important.     Cystitiii 


654  UVA   URSI — VALERIANA. 

discharges.  Burning  after  the  discharge  of  slimy 
urine. 

Urinary. — Frequent  tirging,  with  severe  spasms  of 
bladder;  btirning  and  tearing  pain.  Urine  contains 
blood,  pus,  and  much  tenacious  mucus,  with  clots  in 
large  masses.  Involuntary;  green  urine.  Painful 
dysuria. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Arbutin  (a  crystallized 
glucoside  of  Uva;  found  also  in  Kalmia,  Gaultheria; 
given  in  doses  of  15  grains  with  sugar);  Vesicaria 
(for  many  urinary  and  kidney  affections,  acute  pro- 
statitis, and  the  secondary  cystitis ;  painful  tenesmus; 
albuminuria;  retention  of  urine,  constant  dribbling). 

Dose. — Tincture,  five  to  thirty  drops. 

VALERIANA. 

(Valerian.) 

Hysteria,  over-sensitiveness,  nervous  affections, 
when  apparently  well -chosen  remedies  fail.  Hyster- 
ical spasms  and  affections  generally.  Hysterical  flat- 
ulency. 

Mind. — Changeable  disposition.  Feels  light,  as  if 
floating  in  air.  Oversensitive.  [Staph.]  Hallu- 
cinations at  night.     Irritable.     Tremulous. 

Head. — Sensation  of  great  coldness.  Pressure  in 
forehead.     Feeling  of  intoxication. 

Ears. — Earache  from  exposure  to  drafts  and  cold. 
Nervous  noises.     Hyperaesthesia. 

Throat. — Sensation  as  if  a  thread  were  hanging 
down  throat.  Nausea  felt  in  throat.  Pharynx  feels 
constricted. 

Stomach. — Hunger,     with    nausea.     Eructations 


VALERIANA VANADIUM. 


6551 


foul.  Heartburn,  with  gulping  of  rancid  fluid. 
Nausea  J  with  faintness.  Child  vomits  curdled  milk 
in  large  lumps  soon  after  nursing. 

Abdomen. — Bloated,  Hysterical  cramps.  Thin, 
watery  diarrhoea,  with  liim^ps  of  coagulated  milk,  with 
violent  screaming  in  children.  Gre<?nish,  papescent^ 
bloody  stooL  Spasms  in  bowels  after  food  and  at 
night  in  bed. 

Respiratory, — ^Choking  on  falling  asleep.  Spas- 
modic asthma;  convulsive  movements  of  the  dia- 
phragm. 

Female. — Menses  late  and  scanty,     [Puis.] 

Extremities. — Rheumatic  pains  in  limbs.  Can* 
slant  jerking.  Heaviness.  Sciatica;  pain  worse 
standing  and  resting  foot  on  floor  [Bell] ;  better,  walk- 
ing.    Pain  in  heels  when  sitting. 

Sleep. — Sleepless,  with  nightly  itching  and  mus- 
cular spasms.     Worse  on  waking. 

Fever. — ^Long  lasting  heat,  often  with  sweat  on 
face.  Heat  predominaies.  Sensation  of  icy  cold- 
ness.    [Heloderma;  Cam  ph.;  Abies  c] 

Relfltionship. — Compare:  Asaf.;  Ign,;  Croc;  Cas^ 
tor.;  Amm^-valer*  (in  neuralgia,  gastric  disturbance, 
and  great  nervous  agitation). 

Dose. — Tincture, 


VANADIUM. 

(The  MetflL) 

A  remedy  in  degenerative  conditions  of  the  liver 
and  arteries.  Tuberculosis.  Anemia,  chronic  rheti- 
matism,  diabetes.  Ads  as  a  tonic  to  digestive  func- 
tioH  ^nd  in  early  tuberctUosis< 


656         VANADIUM — ^VARIOLIN/— VBRATR.    ALB. 

Dose. — ^The  best  form  is  Vanadiate  of  Soda,  2  mg. 
daily,  by  mouth. 

VARIOLmUM. 
_  (Lymph  from  Smallpox  Pustule.) 

Protects  against,  modifies,  and  cures  smallpox. 
Herpes  and  subsequent  neuralgia. 

Head. — Morbid  fear  of  smallpox.  Pain  in  occi- 
put.   Inflamed  eyelids.    Deafness.    Chronic  catarrh. 

Respiratory. — Breathing  oppressed.  Cough  with 
thick,  viscid,  bloody  mucus.  Sensation  as  if  throat 
were  closed.     As  of  a  lump  in  right  side  of  throat. 

Extremities. — Excruciating  bcu:kache,  with  great 
restlessness.  Pains  shift  from  back  to  abdomen. 
Rheumatic  pains  in  wrists.  Aching  in  legs.  Tired 
all  over. 

Fever. — Hot  fever,  with  intense  radiating  heat. 
Profuse  bad-smelling  sweat. 

Skin. — Hot,  dry.     Eruption  of  pustules .   Shingles. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Vcu:cin.  (same  action); 
Malandrium — the  morbid  product  of  the  grease  of 
the  horse — (a  prophylactic  of  smallpox  and  a  rem- 
edy for  the  ill-effects  of  vaccination ;  chronic  eczema 
following  vaccination) . 

Dose. — Sixth  to  thirtieth  potency. 

VERATRUM    ALBUM. 

(White  Hellebore.) 

A  perfect  picture  of  collapse,  with  extreme  cold- 
ness, hlueness,  and  weakness,  is  offered  by  this  drug. 
Cold  perspiration  on  the  forehead,  with  nearly  all  com- 
plaints.     Vomiting,    purging,    and    cramps   in  ex- 


VBRATROM    AI.BUM.  657 

mties.  The  profuse  vialent  retching  and  voiii- 
iting  is  most  characteristic 

Mind*— Melancholy,  with  stupor  and  mania.  Sits 
J  n  a  St  upid  ma  n  n  er :  not  ices  no  t  h  in^ .  Su  lint  t  n  differ- 
mce.  Frenzy  of  eKcitement ;  shrieks,  curses.  Puer- 
peral mania.  Aimless  wandering  from  home.  De- 
lusions of  impending  tnisfortunes.  Mania,  with  de- 
sire to  cut  and  tear  things.  {Tarant.}  Attacks  of 
pain,  with  delirium  driving  to  madness.  Cursing 
and  bowling  all  night. 

Head,' — Contracted  features.  Cold  sweat  on  fore- 
head. Sensation  of  a  lump  of  ice  on  vertex.  Head- 
ache, with  nausea,  vomiting,  diarrhoea,  pale  face. 
Neck  too  weak  to  hold  head  up. 

Face.— Features  sunken*  ley  coldness  of  tip  of 
nose  and  face.  Nose  grows  more  pointed*  Tearing 
in  cheeks,  temples,  and  eyes.  Face  very  pale,  bl^^, 
collapsed,  cold. 

Mouth. — Tongue  pale,  cold;  cool  sensation,  as 
from  peppermint.  Toothache,  teeth  feel  heavy  as  if 
filled  with  lead. 

Stomach. — Voracious  appetite.  Thirst  for  cold 
waHr^  but  is  vomited  as  soon  as  swallowed.  Averse  to 
warm  food.  Hiccough,  Coptons  vomiting  aftd  ^$au* 
sea;  aggravated  by  drinking  aitd  least  motion.  Craves 
fruit,  juicy  and  cold  things^  ice.  Anguish  in  pit  of 
stomach*     Great  weakness  after  vomiting. 

Abdomen.— Sinking  and  empty  feeling.  Cold 
feeling  in  stomach  and  abdomen.  Pain  in  abdomen 
preceding  stool.  Cramps,  knotting  abdomen  and 
legs*  S  ensat ion  as  i  f  h  em  i  a  wou  Id  prot rud  e .  \Nux^  ] 
Abdomen  sensitive  to  press ure*  swollen  with  terrible 


■ 


658  VERATRUM    ALBUM. 

Rectum. — Constipation  from  inactivity  of  rectum, 
with  heat  and  headache.  Constipation  of  babies, 
and  when  produced  by  very  cold  weather.  Stools 
target  with  much  straining  until  exhausted^  with  cold 
sweat.  Diarrhoea,  very  painful,  watery,  copious, 
and  forcibly  evacuated,  followed  by  great  prostra- 
tion. Evacuations  of  cholera  morbus  and  true 
cholera. 

Respiratory. — Hoarse,  weak  voice.  Rattling  in 
chest.  Loud,  barking  stomach  cough,  followed  by 
eructation  of  gas;  worse,  warm  room.  Hollow 
cough,  tickling  low  down,  with  blue  face.  Cough 
comes  on  from  drinking,  especially  cold  water;  urine 
escapes  when  coughing. 

Female. — Menses  too  early;  profuse  and  exhaust- 
ing. Dysmenorrhcea^  with  coldness^  purging,  cold 
sweat.  Faints  from  least  exertion.  Sexual  .mania 
precedes  menses. 

Extremities. — Soreness  and  tenderness  of  joints. 
Sciatica;  pains  like  electric  flashes.  Cramps  in 
calves.  Neuralgia  in  brachial  plexus;  arms  feel 
swollen,  cold,  paralytic. 

Skin. — Blue,  cold,  clammy,  inelastic;  cold  as 
death.  Cold  sweat.  Wrinkling  of  skin  of  hands 
and  feet. 

Fever. — Chill,  with  extreme  coldness  and  thirst. 

Modalities. — Worse,  at  night;  wet,  cold  weather. 
Better,  walking  and  warmth. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Veratrinum,  (electric 
pains,  electric  shocks  in  muscles,  fibrillary  twitch- 
ings);  Cholos  terrepina  (cramps  in  calves);  Camp.; 
Clipr.;  Ars.;  Cuprum  ars.  {intermittent ^  cold,  clam- 
my sweat) ;  Trychosanthes  (diarrhoea,  dizziness  after 


stool 


.ATRVU    ALBUM VKItATRrM    VIHIDE. 


^59 


f  Stool);  Agaric,  emetic  (vertigo:  longing'  for  ice- 
cold  water;  burning  pains  in  stomach):  Agaric,  pkal- 
liHdi^s  (cholera,  cramps  in  stomach*  cold  extremities, 
urine  sup|jressed ) - 

Dose. — First  to  thirtieth  potency.     In  diarrhoea. 
not  below  the  sixth. 


V 

I 

D 

1 


^^^B  VBRATRUM    VIRIDE. 

^^^^^  (White  American  Hellebore,) 

Congestions,  especially  to  lungs,  base  of  brain. 
Twitch  in  gs  and  convulsions.  Especially  adapted  to 
full-blooded,  plethoric  persons.  Rheumatism  of 
heart.  Bloated,  livid  face.  Furious  delirium.  Ef- 
fects of  sun  "Stroke. 

Mind.— 'Quarrelsome  and  delirious. 
Head. — Congestion  intense,  almost  apoplectic 
Hot  head,  bloodshot  eyes.  Head  retracted,  pupils 
dilated^  double  vision.  Meningitis.  Pain  from 
nape  of  neck:  cannot  hold  head  up.  Sunstroke;  head 
full,    throbbing    arteries.     [BelL;    Glon.;     Usm?a.} 

I      Face  flushed.     Convulsive  twitching  of  facial  mus- 

I     des.     [Agaricus.] 

Tan^e. — White  or  yellow,  with  red  streak  down 

.     the  middle.     Feels  scalded*     [Sang,] 

I        Stomach, — Thirsty.  Nausea    and    vomiting, 

t  Smallest  quantity  of  food  or  drink  immediately  re- 
jected. Constrictive  pain;  increased  by  warm 
drinks.      Hiccough;    excessive    and    painful,     with 

I     spasms  of  oBsophagus. 

I         Abdomen. — Pain  above  pelvis,  with  soreness. 

I         Respiratory. — Congestion    of   lungs.  Diffieult 

breathing.     Sensation   of  a   heavy   Wb,^  otv  ctv^i^x 


4 


66o  VERATRUM  .VIRIDE ^VERBAjBCUM. 

Pneumonia,  with  £aint  feeling  in  stomach  and  vio- 
lent congestion.     Crcup. 

Female. — Rigid  os.  [Bell.;  Gels.]  Puerperal  fe- 
ver. Suppressed  menstruation,  with  congestion  to 
head.     [BeU.] 

Heart. — Pulse  slow,  soft,  weak,  irregular,  inter- 
mittent. [Tabac.;  Di^.]  Constant  dull,  burning 
pain  in  region  of  heart. 

Extremities. — Aching  pain  in  back  of  neck  and 
shoulders.  Severe  pain  in  joints  and muscles.  Vio- 
lent electric-like  shocks  in  limbs.  Convulsi  ve  twitch- 
ings.     Acute  rhenmaiism.     Fever. 

Skin. — Erysipelas,  with  cerebral  symptoms.  Ery- 
thema.    Itching  in  various  parts. 

Relationship. — Compare:  6^^/^.;  Bapt.;  Bell.;  .\con.: 
Ferr.  pkos. 

Dose. — First  to  sixth  potencv. 

VERBASCUM. 

(Mullein.) 

Has  a  pronounced  action  on  the  inferior  maxillary 
branch  of  the  fifth  pair  of  the  cranial  nerves,  on  the 
ear  and  respiratory  tract  and  bladder.  Catarrhs, 
with  periodical  prosopalgia. 

Face. — Neuralgia  affecting  zygoma,  temporo- 
maxillary  joint,  and  ear  [Menyanth.],  particularly 
of  left  side,  with  lachrymation,  coryza,  and  sensa- 
tion as  if  parts  were  crushed  with  tongs.  Talking, 
sneezing,  and  change  of  temperature  aggravate  the 
pains;  also,  pressing  teeth  together. 

Ears. — Otalgia,  with  a  sense  of  obstruction.  Deaf- 
ness.    Dry,  scaly  condition  of  meatus  (use  locally)- 


^b: 


BRBASCUM^ — VBRBENA^VESPA    CaABRO,       66 1 


Rectum, — Many  movements  a  day,  with  twisting 

3ut  navel.     Hsemorrhoids,  with  obstructed,  hard- 

2d  stool. 

Respiratory. —  Hoarse;  voice  deep,  harsh;  sounds 

e  a  trumpet;  **  basso  prof  undo."     Cough;  worse  at 

[ht.     Asthma. 

Qrinary. — Constant  dribbling.     Enuresis. 

Extremities. — Cramp-like  pain  in  soles ,  right  foot*  * 

i  knee.     Lower  extremities  feel  heavy.     Th'iJmb 

lis  numb* 

Modalities.— PVor^^f,  change  of  temperature,  talk- 

l,  sneezing,  biting  hard;   from  9  a.  m,  to  1  p,  m. 

Relationship, — ^Compare:     Rhits     annn^;     Canst.; 

at  in,;  Sph  in  gurus  (pain  in  zygoma). 

Dose.' — Mullein  ail^  locally,  for  earache  aiid  dry, 

,ly  condition  of  meatus.     Internally,  tincture  and 

rer  potencies. 


tVERBEHA,  ( 

(Blue  Vervain.) 
Mfects  the  skin.  Promotes  the  absorption  of 
^od  and  allays  pain  in  bruises.  Vesicular  erysip- 
s.  Passive  congestions,  and  intermittent  fever 4 
e  of  the  remedies  for  Poison-oak.  Epilepsy^  in- 
nViX^i  mental  exhaustion. 

^^^  VESPA    CRABRO. 

^^Hf  (Live  Wasp.) 

Skin  and  fernale  symptoms  marked.     Indurated 
ling. 

Face.' — Painful   and   swollen.     Erysipelatous    in- 

■nmation  of  lids,     Che^nosis  of  conjunctiva .    Swell- 

of  mouth  and  throat,  wnth  violent  burning  pains. 


662  VESPA   CRABRO — VIBURNUM   OPULUS. 

Female. — Menstruation,  preceded  by  depresskm, 
pain,  pressure,  and  constipation.  Left  ovary  mark- 
edly affected,  with  frequent  burning  mdcturition; 
sacral  pains  extending  up  back.  Erosion  around  ex- 
ternal OS. 

Skin. — Erythema ;  intense  itching;  burning.  BoHs] 
stinging  and  soreness  relieved  by  bathing  with  vin- 
egar. 

Relationship. — Compare :  Scorpio  (salivation; 
strabismus;  tetanus);   Apis. 

Antidote:  Sempervivum  tector.,  locally. 

Dose. — ^Third  to  thirtieth  potency. 

VIBURNUM    OPULUS. 

(High  Cranberry.) 

A  general  remedy  for  cramps.  Female  symp- 
toms most  important.  Often  prevents  miscarriage. 
False  labor-pains.  Spasmodic  and  congestive  af- 
fections dependent  upon  ovarian  or  uterine  origin. 

Head. — Irritable.  Vertigo;  feels  as  if  falling  for- 
ward. Severe  pain  in  temporal  region.  Sore  feel-^ 
ing  in  eyeballs.     [Cimicif.] 

Stomach. — Constant  nausea;  relieved  by  eating. 

Abdomen. — Sudden  cramps  and  colic  pains.  Ten- 
der to  pressure  about  umbilicus. 

Female. —  Menses  too  late,  scanty,  lasting  a  jew 
hours,  offensive  in  odor,  with  crampy  pains,  cramps 
extend  down  thighs.  [Bell.]  Bearing-down  pains 
before.  Ovarian  region  feels  heavy  and  congested. 
Aching  in  sacrum  and  pubes,  with  pains  in  anterior 
muscles  of  thighs  [Xanthox.];  spasmodic  and  mem* 
branous     dysmenorrhcpa.     [Coll.;     Borax.]     Lfcucor- 


VIBURNUM    OPULUS' — VI&JCA    MINOR.  663 

^,  excoriating.     Smarting  and  itching  of  gen- 
S.     Faint  on  at  te  ni  pt  i  ng  t o  si  t  u  p .     Frci^  i(e  n  i  and 

^  ^aHy  miscarriages,  causing  seeming  sterility. 
itJrioary.— Frequent  \3rging.     Copious,  pale,  light- 
4&ored  urine.     Cannot  hold  water  on  coughing  or 
walking. 

Rectum. ^Stools  large  and  hard,  with  cutting  in 
rectum  and  soreness  of  anus. 

Eitremities, — Stiff,  sore  feeling  in  nape  of  neck. 
Saeral  backache.  Lower  extremities  weak  and 
heavy. 

Modalities* — Worse^  lying  on  affected  side,  in 
warm  room,  evening  and  night*  Better,  in  open  air 
and  resting. 

Relationship . — Com  pare :  V  ibtir$t  urn  prun  ifolium 
(habitual  miscarriage;  after-pains;  cancer  of  the 
tongue;  obstinate  hiccough;  supposed  to  be  a  tater- 
ine  tonic).    Cimicif.;  Cauloph.;  Sep.;  Xantkox. 

Dose. — Tincture,  and  lower  potencies. 

VINCA    MINOR. 
(Lesser  Periwinkle.) 

A  remedy  for  skin  affections,  eczema,  and  espe- 
cially plica  polonica;  also  for  haemorrhages  and 
diphtheria, 

Hemd.— Tearing  pain  in  vertex  and  ringing  and 
whistling  in  ears.  Whirling  vertigo,  with  flickering 
before  eyes.  Spots  an  scalps  oo^ng  moisture^  mat- 
hng  hair  together.  Corrosive  itcktng  of  scalp.  Bald 
spots .     Pkca  pohntcii .     1  rresistible  desire  to  scratch . 

KoBe. — Tip  gets  red  easily.  Moist  eruption  cm 
sept  WOT.     Stoppage  of  one  nostril.     Sores  m  im%%. 


664  VINCA    MINOR VIOLA   ODORATA. 

Throat. — Difficult  swallowing.  Ulcers.  Freqtient 
hawking.     Dtphtherta. 

Female. — Excessive  menstruation  with  great 
weakness.  Pasitve  uterine  hcemorrhages.  [Ust.; 
TrtlL:  Sec  ale.]  Menorrhagia;  continuous  flow,  par- 
ticularly at  climacteric.  [Loch.]  Haemorrhages  from 
fibroids. 

Skin. — Corrosive  itching.     Great  senstttveness  of 
skin,  with  redness  and  soreness  from  slight  nibbing.  * 
Eczema  of  head  and  face,  pustulous,  itching,  burn- 
ing, and  offensive  odor.     Hair  matted  together. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Oleand.;  Staph. 

Dose. — First  to  third  potency. 

VIOLA    ODORATA. 

(Violet.) 

Has  a  specific  action  on  the  ear.  Affects  especial- 
ly dark-haired  patients  and  supra-orbital  and  orbital 
regions,  and  the  right  wrist.  Worm  affections  in 
children.  [Teuc]  Locally,  for  pain  due  to  uterine 
fibroids. 

Head. — Burning  of  the  forehead.  Vertigo;  every- 
thing in  head  seems  to  whirl  around.  Heaviness  of 
head,  with  sensation  of  weakness  in  muscles  of  nape 
of  neck.  Scalp  tense;  must  knit  the  brows.  Ten- 
dency to  pain  immediately  above  eyebrows.  Throb- 
bing under  eye  and  temple. 

Eyes. — Heaviness  of  lids.  Eyeball  feels  com- 
pressed. Flames  before  eyes.  Myopia.  Choroidi- 
tis.    Illusions  of  vision;  fiery  serpentine  circles. 

Ears. — Shooting  in  ears.  Aversion  to  music. 
Roaring  and  tickling:  Deep  stitches  beneath  ears. 
Deafness;  otorrhcea. 


/ 


VIOLA    ODORATA— VIOLA    TRICOLOR.  665 


i  Respiratory* — ^Torpor  in  the  end  of  nose,  as  from 
ft  blow.  Dry,  short,  spasmodic  cough  and  dyspnoea ; 
worse  in  daytime.  Oppression  of  chest.  Pertussis^ 
with  hoarseness.  Dyspnoea  during  pregnancy. 
Difficult  breathings  anxiety  and  palpitation,  with 
hysteria. 

Extremities. — Rlieumatism  of  the  deltoid  tnnscle. 
Trembling  of  limbs.  Pressing  pain  in  right  carpal 
and  metacarpal  joints.     [  Ulmus^] 

Uriuaiy. — Milky  urine;  smells  strong. 

Modalities. — Worse,  cool  air. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Ulmus  (rheumatic  pains 
above  wrists;  numbness,  tingling,  and  formication  in 
feet,  and  dull  soreness  where  gastrocnemius  gives  off 
its  tendon);  Ckenopodium  {ears;  serous  or  bloody 
effusion  in  the  labyrinth;  chronic  otitis  media;  pro- 
gressive deafness  to  the  voice,  but  sensitive  to  sounds  of 
passing  vehicles  and  other  sounds;  buzzing;  absent 
or  deficient  bone  conduction ;  a  consciousness  of  the 
ear;  hearing  better  for  shrill,  high -pitched  sounds 
than  for  low  ones);  Aur.;  Puis.;  Sep. 

Dose. — Tincture,  to  sixth  potency. 

VIOLA    TRICOLOR. 

(Pansy,) 

The  principal  uses  of  this  remedy  are  for  ecjsema 
in  childhood  and  nocturnal  emissions  accompanied 
by  very  vivid  dreams. 

Head.— Heavy,  pressing^outward  pain.  Eczema 
of  scalp,  with  swollen  glands.  Face  hot  and  sweat- 
ing after  eating. 

Throat. — iMuch  phlegm,  causing  hawking;  worse 
in  the  air.     Swallowing  difficult. 


1 


666  VIOLA   TRICOLOR VIPERA. 

Urinary. — Copious;  disagreeable,  cat-like  odor. 

Male. — Swelling  of  prepuce,  burning  in  glans. 
Itching.     Involuntary  seminal  emissions  at  stool. 

Skin. — Impetigo.  Intolerable  itching.  Eruptions, 
particularly  over  face  and  head,  with  burning  itch- 
ing; worse  at  night.  Thick  scabs,  which  crack  and 
exude  a  tenacious  yellow  pus.  Eczema  impetigo- 
noides  of  the  face.     Sycosis. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Rhus;  CdLc.;  Sepiu. 

Dose. — Lower  potencies. 


VIPERA. 
(Adder — ^The  German  Viper.) 

Indicated  in  inflammation  of  veins  with  great 
swelling;  bursting  sensation.  Enlargement  of  liver. 
Ailments  of  menopause.     CEdema  of  glottis. 

Face. — Excessively  swollen.  Lips  and  tongue 
swollen,  livid,  protruding.  Tongue  dry,  brown, 
black.     Speech  difficult. 

Liver. — Violent  pain  in  enlarged  liver,  with  laun- 
dice  and  fever;  extends  to  shoulder  and  hip. 

Extremities. — Patient  is  obliged  to  keep  the  ex- 
tremities elevated.  When  they  are  allowed  to  hang 
down,  it  seems  as  if  they  would  burst,  and  the  pain  is 
unbearable.  [Diad.]  Varicose  veins  and  acute 
phlebitis.  Veins  swollen;  sensitive  bursting  pain. 
Severe  cramps  in  lower  extremities. 

Skin. — Livid.  Skin  peels  in  large  plates.  Lymph- 
angioma, boils,  carbuncles  with  bursting  sensation, 
relieved  by  elevating  parts. 

Dose. — Sixth  to  thirtieth  potency. 


VISCUM    ALBUM. 

VISCDM     ALBUM, 
(Mistletoe.) 

The  symptoms  point  especially  to  rheumatic  and 
gouty  complaints;  neuralgias,  especially  sciatica. 
Epilepsy,  chorea,  and  metrorrhagia.  Rheumatic 
deafness.  Asthma.  Spinal  pains,  due  to  uterine 
causes.     Rheumatism  with  tearing  pains. 

Head. — Feeling  as  if  whole  vault  of  skull  were 
lifted  up.  Blue  rings  around  eyes.  Double  vision. 
Buzzing  and  stopped-up  feeling  in  ear.  Deafness 
from  cold.     Facial  muscles  in  constant  agitation. 

Reipiratory.— Dyspnoea;  increased  by  lying  on 
right  side.  Spasmodic  cough,  .4 j^/tma,  if  connected 
^vith  gout  or  rheumatism. 

Female.— Haemorrhage,  with  pain;  blood  partly 
clots,  and  bright  red.  Climacteric  compkints. 
[Lack.;  Sulph.]  Pain  from  sacrum  into  pelvis,  with 
tearing*  shooting  pains  from  above  downwards.  Re- 
tained placenta*  [Secale.]  Chronic  endometritis h 
Subinvolution  * 

Heart* — Hypertrophy  with  valvular  insufficiency  ; 
pulse  small  and  weak,  unable  to  rest  in  a  reclining 
position.     Palpitation  during  coitus. 

EitTem.ities. — Pains  alternate  in  the  knee  and 
ankle  with  shoulder  and  elbow.  Sciatica.  Tearing, 
Khooting  pains  in  both  thighs  and  tipper  extremities. 
A  glow  rises  from  the  feet  to  the  head ;  seems  to  be 
on  fire.  Periodic  pains  from  sacrum  into  pelvis, 
worse  in  bed,  with  pains  into  thighs  and  upper  ex- 
tremities.    Dropsy  of  extremities, 

MddAlities* — Worse,  ^winter,  cold,  storrny  weather; 
i«  bed^     Movement. 


I 

I 
I 

I 


668  VISCUM    ALBUM ^WYETHIA. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Bry.;  Puis.;  Rhodod. 
Dose. — Tincture  and  lower  potencies. 

WYETHIA. 

(Poison-Weed.) 

Has  marked  effects  on  the  throat,  and  has  proven 
an  excellent  remedy  in  pharyngitis,  especially  the 
follicular  form.  Useful  also  in  haemorrhoids.  Ini- 
table  throats  of  singers  and  pubhc  speakers. 

Head. — Nervous,    uneasy,    depressed.  Dizzy. 

Rush  of  blood  to  head.     Sharp  pain  in  forehead. 

Mouth. — Feels  as  if  scalded;  sensation  of  heat 
down  oesophagus. 

Throat. — Constant  clearing  and  hemming.  Dry 
posterior  nares;  no  relief  from  clearing.  Tkroat 
feels  swollen;  epiglottis  dry  and  burning.  Difficult 
swallowing.  Constant  desire  to  swallow  saliva. 
Uvula  feels  elongated. 

Stomach. — Sense  of  weight.  Belching  of  wind 
alternating  with  hiccough.     Nausea  and  vomiting. 

Abdomen. — Pain  below  ribs  of  right  side. 

Stool. — Loose,  dark,  at  night.  Itching  of  anus- 
Constipation,  with  hcemorrhoids;  not  bleeding. 

Respiratory. — Dry,  hacking  cough,  caused  by 
tickling  of  the  epiglottis.  Burning  sensation  in  the 
bronchial  tubes.  Tendency  to  get  hoarse  from  talk- 
ing or  singing;  throat  is  hot  and  dry.  [Bell.]  Dry 
asthma. 

Female. — Pain  in  left  ovary,  shooting  down  to 
knee.     Pain  in  uterus;  could  outline  its  contour. 

Extremities. — Pain  in  back:  extends  to  end  of 


WYETHIA XANTHOXYLUM* 


669 


fPain  in  right  atm,  with  stiffness  of  wrist  and 
Aching  pains  al]  over. 
Fever, — Chill  at    i\   a.   m.     Thirst  for  ice-water 
during  chill.     No  thirst  with  heat.     Proftise  siareat 
all  night,     Terrific  headache  during  sweat 
Relationship. — Compare:  4^^*^**;  Sang.,   Lack. 
Dose^^First  to  sixth  potency. 

tXANTHOXYLUM, 
(Prickly  ABh.)  || 

Its  specific  action  is  on  the  nervous  system  and  ^ 
mucous    membranes.     Paralysis,    especially    hemi- 
plegia.    Painful  hffrmorrha^es,  after-pains,  neuralgic 
dys^nenorrhisa,  and  rheumatic  affections  offer  a  ther- 
apeutic field  for  this  remedy,  especially  in  patients  j 
of  spare  habit  and  nervous,  delicate  organization. 

Mind, — Nerv^oiis,  frightened.     Mental  depression. 

Head. — Feels  full.  Weight  and  |jain  on  vertex. 
Pain  over  eyes,  throbbing  pressure  ov^er  nose,  pres- 
sure in  forehead;  head  seems  divided;  ringing  in.^ 
ears. 

Face  .^Neuralgia  of  lower  jaw.  Dryness  of 
mouth    and    fauces.     Pharyngitis.     [IVyethia.] 

Abdomen, ^^j^riping  and  diarrhoea.  Dysentery, 
with  tyfnpaniies^  tenesmus  ^  inodorous  discharges. 

Female. — Menses  too  early  and  painfuL  Ovarian 
neuralgia,  with  pain  in  loins  and  lower  abdomen; 
worse,  left  side,  extending  down  the  thigh,  along 
gen ito -crural  nerves.  Neuralgk  dysmenorrhwa^  with 
neuralgic  headaches;  jmin  in  back  a«^  down  lef^s. 
M enses  thick,  a Imost  bla ck .  ^4  fter-pains.  [  A  mica ; 
Cup./  Cham.}     Leiicorrhcea  at  time  oi  trtwvsfia. 


670       XANTHOXYLUM — ^XEROPHYLLUM. 

Resplratoxy. — ^Aphonia.  Constant  desire  to  talce 
a  long  breath;  oppression  of  chest.  Dry  cough  day 
and  night. 

Extremities. — Paralysis  of  left  side  following  spinal 
disorders.  Numbness  of  left  side;  impairment  of 
nerves  of  motion.  Hemipl^ia.  Pain  in  nape,  ex- 
tending down  back.  Sciatica;  worse,  hot  weather. 
Anterior  crural  neuralgia.  [Staph.]  Left  arm  numb. 
Neuralgic  shooting  pain,  as  from  electricity,  all  over 
limbs. 

Sleep. — Hard  and  unrefreshing;  dreams  of  fljring. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Gnaph.;  Cimtctf,;  Staph; 
Mezer.;  Piscidia  (pains  of  irregular  menstruation; 
regulates  the  flow;  sudden  profound  sleep). 

Dose. — First  to  sixth  potency. 

XEROPHYLLUM. 

(Tamalpais  Lily.) 

Should  prove  ciu-ative  in  eczematous  conditions, 
poison-oak,  early  typhoid  states,  etc. 

Mind. — Dull,  cannot  concentrate  mind  for  study; 
forgets  names;  writes  last  letters  of  words  first;  mis- 
spells common  words. 

Head. — Feels  full,  stuffed  up,  pain  across  fore- 
head and  above  eyes.  Great  pressure  at  root  of 
nose.     Bewildered.     Loss  of  consciousness. 

Eyes. — Painful,  as  of  sand,  smart,  difficult  to 
focus  for  close  work. 

Nose. — Stuffed;  tightness  at  bridge  of  nose,  acute 
nasal  catarrh. 


XEROPHYLLUMh 


671 


Face.— Bloated  in  morning.     Puffy  under  eyes. 

Throat* — Stitching  pain  upon  swallowing. 

Stomach. — Feels  full  and  heavy.  Eructations, 
)ur,  offensive,  an  hour  after  luncheon  and  dinner. 
omiting  at  a  p.  ^t. 

Abdomen, — Intestinal  flatulence.  In  morning 
tumbling  in  bowels^  with  desire  for  stool. 

Rectum »— Constipation,  stools  hard  small  luAps. 
Difficult  soft  stools,  with  mttch  straining.  Much 
[flatus.     Bearing-down  pain  in  rectum. 

Urine. — Difficulty  of  retaining,  dribbling  when 
["Walking.     Frequent  urination  at  night. 

Female. -^Bearing-down  sensation.  Vulva  in^ 
iJamed,  with  furious  itching.  Increased  sexual  de- 
siret  with  ovarian  and  uterine  pains  and  leucorrhoea. 
I  Resp  iratory . — Posterior  nar  ejs  raw ,  d  isch  arge  th  i  ck 
iyellow  mucus.  Sneezing.  Trachea  sore;  lumps 
leel  constricted. 

Back;^ — Feels  hot  from  sacrum  to  scapulre.  Back- 
ache, extending  down  legs.  Pain  over  kidneys. 
Heat  deep  in  spine. 

Eitremities. — Muscular  lameness,  trembling. 
Pain  in  knees  ►     Limbs  feel  stifT.     [i^M^jJ 

Skin, — Erythema,  with  vesication  and  intense 
itching,  stinging,  and  hnming,  Blisters,  little 
lumps.  Skin  rough  and  cracked;  feels  like  leather. 
{Dermatitis,  especially  around  knees.  Inflammma- 
tion  resembling  poison-oak.  Inguinal  glands  and 
behind  knee  swollen. 

Modalities. — Worse,  application  of  cold  water,  in 
afternoon  and  evening.  Better .  application  of  hot 
water,  in  morning,  moving  affected  part. 


674  ZINCUM  MBTALLICUM. 

ulants.     Squinting,     Amaurosis,  with  severe  head- 
ache.    Red  and  inflamed  conjtinctiva;  worse,  tnnur 

canthus. 

Ears. — ^Tearing  stitches  and  external  sweUixig. 
Discharge  of  fetid  pus. 

Nose. — Sore  feeling  high  up;  pressure  upon  root. 

Face. — Pale  Hps,  and  comers  of  mouth  cracked. 
Redness  and  itching  eruption  on  chin.  Tearing  in 
facial  bones. 

Mouth. — ^Teeth  loose.  Gums  bleed.  Gnashing 
of  teeth.  Bloody  taste.  Blisters  on  tongue.  Diffi- 
cult dentition;  child  weak;  cold  and  restless  feet. 

Throat. — Dry;  constant  inclination  to  hawk  up 
tenacious  mucus.  Rawness  and  dryness  in  throat 
and  larynx.  Pain  in  muscles  of  throat  when  swal- 
lowing. 

Stomach. — Hiccough,  nausea,  vomiting  of  bitter 
mucus.  Burning  in  stomach,  heartburn  from  sweet 
things.  Cannot  stand  smallest  quantity  of  wine. 
Ravenous  hunger  about  it  a.  m.  [Sulph.]  Great 
greediness  when  eating;  cannot  eat  fast  enough. 
Atonic  dyspepsia,  feeling  as  if  stomach  were  col- 
lapsed. 

Abdomen. — Gurgling  and  griping;  distended. 
Flatulent  colic,  with  retraction  of  abdomen.  [Plutnb] 
Enlarged,  indurated,  sore  liver.  Reflex  symptoms 
from  floating  kidney.      Griping  after  eating. 

Urine. — Can  only  void  urine  when  sitting  bent 
backwards.     Hysterical  retention. 

Rectum. — Hard,  small,  constipated  stool.  Chd- 
era  infantum,  with  tenesmus;  green  mucous  dis- 
charges. Sudden  cessation  of  diarrhoea,  followed  by 
cerebral  symptoms. 


^NCUM   MBTALUCUM.  67S 

MaJe .^Testicles  swelled,  drawn  up.  Erections 
violent.  Emissions,  with  hypochondriasis.  Falling 
off  of  hair  (pnbic). 

Female,— 'Ovarian  pain,  especial! y  left;  canH  keep 
St-iU.  [Vibtim]  Nymphomania  of  lying-in  worn  en* 
Menses  too  late,  suppressed;  lochia  suppressed, 
[Fi*iiJ  Breasts  painful.  Nipples  sore.  Menses 
flow  more  at  night.  [Bov.]  Complaints  all  better 
during  fnensirual  flow.  [Eupion.;  Lack.]  Ail  the 
female  symptmns  are  associated  with  restlessness,  de- 
pressicm,  coldness,  spinal  tenderness  and  restless  feet. 

Respiratory. — ^ Burning  pressure  beneath  sternum. 
Constriction  and  cutting  in  chest.  Hoarseness, 
Debilitating  spasmodic  cough;  worse,  eating  sweet 
things.  Child  grasps  genitals  during  cough.  Asth- 
matic bronchitis,  with  constriction  of  chest.  Dys- 
pncea  better  as  soon  as  expectoration  appears. 

Back, — Pain  in  small  of  back.  Cannot  bear  back 
touched.  [SuL;  Therid.;  Cinch.}  Tension  and 
stinging  between  shoulders.  Spinalirritation.  Dull 
aching  abaut  the  last  dorsal  ar  first  lumbar  veriebrw; 
worse,  sitting.  Burmng  along  spine.  Nape  of  neck 
weary  from  writing  or  any  exertion.  Tearing  in 
shoulder-blades. 

Extremities. — Lameness,  weakness,  trembling  and 
twitching  of  various  muscles*  Chilblains.  [/Igar.] 
Feet  in  continual  motion:  cannot  keep  sttil.  Large 
varicose  veins  on  legs*  Sw&aty.  Convulsions,  with 
pale  face.  Transverse  pains,  especially  in  upper 
extremity . 

Sl©cp--*-Cries  out  d tiring  sleep:  body  jerks;  wakes 
frightened t  stares.  Nervous  motion  of  feet  when 
asleep.  Loud  screamiitg  out  at  night  in  sleep  with- 
out being  aware  of  it.     Somnambulkm,  \^Kali  ^kos\ 


1 

4 


676  ZINCUM   METALLICUM. 

Skin. —  Varicose  veins,  especially  of  lower  extrem- 
ities. [Puis.]  Formication  of  feet  and  legs  as  from 
bugs  crawling  over  the  skin,  preventing  sleep.  Ec- 
zema, especially  in  the  anemic  and  neurotic.  Itch- 
ing of  thighs  and  hollow  of  knees.  Retrocession  of 
eruptions. 

Fever. — Frequent  febrile  shiverings  down  back. 
Cold  extremities.  Night-sweat.  Profuse  sweat  on 
feet. 

Modalities. — Worse,  at  menstnial  period,  from 
touch,  between  5  to  7  p.  m.;  after  dinner,  from  wine. 
Better,  while  eating,  discharges,  and  appearance  of 
eruptions. 

Relationship. — Compare:  Agaric;  Ign.;  Plumb.; 
Argent.;  Puis.;  Helleh.;  Tuberc.  Inimical:  Nux; 
Cham.  Compare  in  amelioration  by  secretions: 
Lach.;  Stan.;  Mosch. 

Compare :  Zincum  aceticum  (effects  of  night-watch- 
ing and  erysipelas;  brain  feels  sore;  Rademacher's 
solution,  five-drop  doses  three  times  a  day  in  water, 
for  those  who  are  compelled  to  work  on  an  insufficient 
amount  of  sleep) ;  Zhtc.  bromatum  (dentition,  chorea, 
hydrocephalus);  Zinc,  oxy datum  (hypochondriasis 
due  to  masturbation) ;  Zinc,  cyanatum  (as  a  remedy 
for  meningitis  and  cerebro-spinal  meningitis,  paral- 
ysis agitans,  chorea,  and  hysteria,  it  has  received 
some  attention);  Zinc,  muriat.  (disposition  to  pick 
the  bedclothes;  sense  of  smell  and  taste  perverted; 
bluish-green  tint  of  skin;  cold  and  sweaty);  Zinc. 
phosph.  (neuralgia  of  head  and  face;  lightning-like 
pains  in  locomotor  ataxia,  brain  fag,  nervousness 
and  vertigo;  sexual  excitement  and  sleeplessness); 
Ammon.  valerian,  (violent  neuralgia,  with  great  ner- 
vous  agitation);   Zinc,    picriciim   (facial   paralysis: 


; 


XINC.    METAL. ZINC.    VAL. ZINGIBER. 


677 


jmin-fag,    headache    in    Bright *s   disease;    seminal 
missions;  loss  of  memory  and  energy);  Zinc,  sulph. 
::orneitis;  granular  lids;  tongue  paralyzed;  cramps 
1  arms  and  legs;  trembling  and  convulsions), 
Bose. — Secofnd  to  sixth  potency. 


.'  ZmClTM    VALERIANUM, 

(Valerijmte  of  Zinc.) 

'  A  remedy  for  hysteria,  axigina  pectoris,  and  other 
painful  affections,  notably  in  ovarian  affections.  Epi- 
lepsy without  aura.     Hysterical  heart-pain. 

Head. — Violent  neuralgic  headaches.  Becomes 
lalmost  insane  with  pain,  which  is  piercing  and  stab- 
bing* Uncontrollable  sleeplessness  from  pain  in 
tiead. 

Female ,^ — Ovarialgia;  pain  shoots  down  limbs ,  even 
to  foot. 

I  Extremities. — Severe  pain  in  neck  and  spine.  Can- 
lOOt  sit  still;  must  keep  legs  in  constant  motion. 

Dose. — Second  trituration. 

ZINGIBER.  ^  I 

(Ginger,)  1 

Stat^  of  debility  in  the  digestive  tract  and  sexual 
fey  stem  and  respiratory  troubles  call  for  this  remedy 
I  Head.— Hemicrania ;  sudden  glimmering  before 
pyes:  feels  conftised  and  empty.  Pain  over  eye- 
Iferows. 

I     Nose* — Feels    obstructed    and    dry.     Intolerable 
itching;  red  pimples. 
I     StoiEiach. — Taste  o£  food  remains  long,  e^^etnE^L-^ 


678  ZINGIBER ^ZIZIA    AURBA. 

of  bread  and  toast.  Feels  heavy,  like  from  a  stone. 
Complaints  from  eating  melons  and  drinking  impure 
water.    Acidity.     [Calc.;  Robinia,] 

Abdomen. — Colic,  diarrhoea,  extremely  loose  bow- 
els. Diarrhoea  from  drinking  bad  water,  with  much 
flatulence,  cutting  pain,  relaxation  of  sphincter. 
Chronic  intestinal  catarrh.  Anus  red  and  inflamed. 
Haemorrhoids,  hot,  painful,  sore.     [Aloe.] 

Urinary. — Frequent  desire  to  urinate.  Stinging, 
burning  in  orifice.  Yellow  discharge  from  urethra. 
Urine  thick,  turbid,  of  strong  odor,  suppressed. 
Complete  suppression  after  typhoid.  After  urinat- 
ing continues  to  ooze  in  drops. 

Male. — Itching  of  prepuce.  Sexual  desire  ex- 
cited; painful  erections.     Emissions. 

Respiratory. — Hoarseness.  Smarting  below  lar- 
ynx; breathing  difficult.  Asthma,  without  anxiety, 
worse  toward  morning.  Scratching  sensation  in 
throat;  stitches  in  chest.  Cough,  dry,  hacking; 
copious  morning  sputa. 

Extremities. — Very  weak  in  all  joints.  Back 
lame.     Cramps  in  soles  and  palms. 

Relationship. — Compare :  Calad. 

Antidote:  Nux, 

ZIZIA    AUREA. 

See  Thaspium,  page  635. 


MIND 


AWKWAED— Let  tlilnEi  fall  from   hntid:    Apis;    Bo  v.; 
'        ,         Nat.  m. 

SBBADf-FAO— jEth.;     Amic:     Anhal.;;    Arg,    n.;     Bapt.; 
Calc.  p.;   Coca;   Cocc;   Gels.;   Kali  br.:    Kali  p.;   Nux 
I        v.i    PhoB.    ac;     Fhos.-     Pier,   av.;     SiL;     Stryck,   p.; 
Zinc,   p.;    Zinc,   pier*        See    Neurasthenia    (Netvom^ 
SyF.tem.). 
CATALEFST — Trwice:     Aeon.;     Camph.    monobi'.;     Ca 
.        ifid.;  Crot.  cast.;   Cur.*   Hydroc.  ac;  M&rph.:  Mosck.} 
I        Op. 
OLAIEVOYANCE  — ,4c^ft..'     AnQ<:r.     Can.    ind,;     Natulus; 

/'/it?a.      See  HtiUuciflal-idiis. 
C OMP EEHEKS ION —DlfH cult:   Agn,;  Anac^;  AiL:   Sfli»i 
Cocc;    ^f/j.;    HvlUb.;    Lyc>;    Nat.  c.;    Nux  m.;    OU 
and.;      P/t^jr.    ac;     Phos.;      Plumb,    m.;     Xetopbyl-i 
Zinc,  m.      See  Memory. 
CaMFE£HX:K310K— Eaiyr  Coff.;    Lacb. 
CO!rSCIOt73NESS — Losaof:   Ab&iuth.;  Ail^:  Arn.;  Atra; 
Belt.;    Can.  ind.;    Carb.   ac;    Cic;    Cupr.  ac;    &elJ^  „ 
Helleb. :    Hydroc.  ac;    Hyos,;    Mun  ac;    Nuit  m.. ^    Up.i 
btr^in.;    XerophyL;    ZinCi.  131.  _.   -  ./^.i," 

CBETINISM— Imbecllitj,  Idiocy:    Absinth.;    Mik.;    Bar 

c;    Siifo;    HeUeb.:    Phos,  ac^.    Plumb,  m.]    Thyr. 
SELIEIXTM — AlcobollG  (delirium  tremens):   Agar.;  Ant- 

ft,;     Atrop^i     Bell.:    Can.  ind.,;     Caps.^    Dig^;    Hyo^, ; 
Hy<isc,    kydrohr.y     Lupul,;     Nun    %\:    Op.;      Pftssifl.; 
Sitam.:    Stryeh.  n.;    Sumb.;    Teucr. 
CuptiologU  (plddBs  at  bed  clotbei.  flooki)— Atrop. . 
Beii.;    Hyos.;     Mur.  ac  ^    Op.L    Siram.;    Zinc   mur, 
Coma  viffll — Hym .;    O  p  ^ ;    P  h  os . 
DesiructlTe  (deilre  to  bark,  btte^  itrlket  tear  things) 
—  Beil,;    Canth.;    Hyi:>&.:    Siram.;     Vtr.  a.;    Ver.  v 
Effort  to  et  cape  tmm  b edi  or  hide  —  .4 ga  r. .    BeU .;   Bry,; 
Cupr.  m.L     Hyos.;     Op.;     Rhus  t.;    Siram.;     Ver.  a. 
Furor,     freaE?,   ravliigB — Agar.;    Bell.;    Cantk,;    Cu^t. 
I  m;  jVj'cJJ./    CEnanthe;    SoUn.  ti^.\    Stfawi.;   V*t.  i2t 

ia#ff/f^imf /unor— Con/ft.,'    Hj/oj.;    PVioa/,   SUim. 


I 


6&3 


KEPBRTORY 


hyoi,;    Stram., 
Ail.;     Apis; 


Op.;    Pkct.ac.,' 
TereT>.;    Thyr.: 


Loqu&cltjt   tADct  Inceiaantly— j4gor.;      Bell;      Cm.; 

Hyoi.;    Lack.;    St  ram.;    Veir  a. 
MerT7>  danGlne*  tlDciii« —Agar.;    BtlL ; 

Mutterlns,    low,    IncokerenUy^ — Ag^r. ; 

Bapt.;      Helleb,;      Lich. ;      Mur.    a 

Phos.;    Rhus  t.;    Ver.  a. 
Kapld  answezlxtff — Cim.:    Lack.;    Strain^;    Ver.  a. 
Slow  In  uitwertnK,  relapies^ — Arn.l    HtlUh.;    Phoi*  nc,; 

Sul. 
Sopor*  Btupof f  OorUA ^Ail. ;   Atn .  c . :    Apu ;   Am . ;  Bapt.; 

Seli;    Camph.;    Carb.  ac;    Gels.;    HmllBh.;    Hyofi.l 

Lob.  purp.;    Nitr.  sp*  d-;    Nux  in. 

Phcs.:     Piloc  :     Rhus  t.;    Stram.; 

Ver,  a.;    Zinc.  m. 
DEH^EXrrlA — Agar,;     Anac,;     Apium  v.:     Calc.   c;     Cak. 
p.;     Ca,ii.  ind.-     Con,:     11611611.;     Hycs.;     Ign.;     Mere.; 
Nat.  sat.;    Fkoi.  ac;    Phos,;    Pier,  ac;    Ver,  a. 
Epileptic — Aeon.;    Bell;    Cim.;     Cvpf,  ac;    Cupr.  in,; 

Laur. ;    (Enantht;    Sit.;    Solan,  c;    Ver.  v, 
l£&Eturbatlc — Agn.;    Cantli.:    Caust*;    Damiana:    Kui 

v.;    Op.;     Phos.  ac;    Phos.;    Pier,  ac;    Staph. 
Paretic — Aeon.;    Msc,  gl.:    Agar.;    Ars.;     Bad;    Bell,; 

Can.  iud*;    Cim.;    Cupr*  m,;    Ign.;    lodof. ;    Merc.; 

Phos.;    Plumb,  m.;    Stram.;    2inc,  m. 
Mtsnlle—AHT.  tod.;    Bar.  a.;    Calc.  p.;    Con.;    Ph^t. 
Syphilitic — Aur.  iod.;    Kali  iod.;    Mercuries;    Niln  fte.; 

SuL 
EBIOTIONS— E^ecti  Of:     Angerf  b^  new»»  cUuRpotnt- 
meaitt  vexation:    Aur.;    Bry.;    Cham.;     CoL;     £r#/i.; 
Grat.;     Nux  v.;    Staph. 
Fright,  fear — Actin.;  GH$.:  Isn.;  Morpb.;  Op.;  Ver.  a. 
QilAf,  sorrow — Aur.;    Calc.  p.;    Caust.;    Ign.;    Phe*^  ac. 
Jealousy — Apis;    Hyos.;    Lach. 
Joy,  exc  e  s  siv« — C  a  us  t. ;    Cof . 
Hoatal£la  ChomefllclnieBB)— Ca^^.;    Bupat.  ptiTp*;  ItHi 

Phos    ac;    Senec. 
FEAES— Dread^s;    Being  earrled  or  lalied:    Btif.;   Bry.; 
Sxinic. 
Wants  to  be  carried— Ant.  t.;     An.:     Cham,;    Ciw; 

I  pec. 
CroiBlnK  itreets,  crowdi,  eicoltement^Ac<»ix.;   Plat. 
Dark,  ghoati^A^oK.;    Ars.,    Bell.;    Carbo,  v.;    Caust; 

Op.:    Phoa.;    Pills.;    Stram. 


MINTD 


633 


M 


t^%h.t  fmtMl  (Use&id,  itnpendlziff  erll — Aeon.:  A^n.; 
Apis;  Arg.  d.;  Ars.;  Aur,;  Cact.^  Calc.  c,;  Cinir; 
Dis.;   Gek.r    Hydr*;    Ian.;    Kali  c;    Lace*:    LU.t^; 


L 


Naja.;     Nit.    ae.;     Nyx    v.-      Phoa.:     Plat.:     Puis.; 
Rhus  t.;    Sec:    Still,  t    Syph.:    Vena. 
Downward    motioUr     falllmg — B^r.;      Geb.;      Hyper.; 

Sanic. 
Hearii  pea£«  Ijeatln^i  mujst  mov«— Gels,  {reveree  DieO 
Leetophobia— Can.  s. 

Loss  e*£  reason — Aeon.:    Alum.;    Atr,  n.;    Co^r.  r,;  Can. 
mdn.;     Cf'm.;     Kali    br^;     Lac  c;     Lil.  f*;     Mani^^R.; 
Med.;    Plat.:    Syph. 
Motion— ^ry,,-    Calad.:    Gek. 
Music — Aeon.;    Ambra:    Bufo;     Nat.c.;    Nux  v.;    5o&,; 

Tar.  h.-,    Thuya. 
NoUei"vl*or;     BelL:     Bqt.;     Calad.:     Cbam,;    Perr.; 
T^fi.;    Kalic;     Nu%v.;    Phos.;    SiL;    Tar.  li.;    Tk^f. 
People*   (aiitliropciphol3U)-^i4c<3it.,-    Ambra;    Aur.;    Bar. 
c;     Con.;     Gels^;     Kali    p-r     Lye;      Sfp,^     &tann>; 
Staph. 
Pointed  obJ«0U — SiL ;    Spiff. 
Poison — Hyos.;    Kali  br.;    Rhus  t.;    Ver.  v. 
Solitude,    KTersiOn    to— Ars.;      Bism.;     Cor.;      Hyos.; 
Kali  c;    Lace;    Lih  t^;    Lye,    PhOS^.;    Sep.;  Stram. 
SoUtudfii    d€Blre    for— Ambra;      Aur.;       Bufa;       Cim.; 
Carbci*    an.;     Catia;     CyuL;     Gelfi.;     Ign:     Nat.    m.; 
Xux  v.:    Oxytr. ;    Staph. 
Sl;^e*lrlglit — Anac. ;    Gels. 

Tlitmder-stoims — Nitt.  t?.;    Pftcj^;    Rhod.;    Sil, 

Touch,  contact — Aeon.;    Ant.  c;    Ant.  t.;    Apia:    Arn.; 

Cham,;     Cina;      Cinck.;      Colch.;      Hep.;      Kali    c. ; 

Lack.;    Nujc  v.;    Plumb.;    Spiff.;    Stram.;     Tor.  h. 

Water  (hydlopliobia) — Agav«:    Ant.  c;    Bfil;    Canth.; 

CqccineL;    FaRUs;    Hyos.;    Lrach.:    Lysstn;    Spirea; 

Siram.;    Sul.;    Tanae. 

STPOGBONDBIAdlS — Alum,;      Anac;      Arg.    n.;      Ars.; 

Auf.m.:    A  vena;   Caet.;    Citn.;   Cfln.;    Helon.;   Hybs.; 

Ign.;   Lye;    Merc;    Nat.  m.:  Uvx  V,;   Pnls.;    Sta^titi. ; 

Staph.;    Sul,;    Sumb.;    ThaspnaH;     Vrr'.a.;    Zinc.  d3ty. 

HTVrCfilA — Ambra;     Aquil.;     Aaaf.;    Catnph.     monobr.- 

Can.  ind,;    Castor.;    Caid.;    Coec;    Croc.;    Eupat.  ar,; 

Gels.:     Ign,;     Lil.    t,;     Mag.    tn\     Mfj*rA,;     Nux  m.; 

Orig.j     Plat.;    Ppth.;     Puis.;    Sumh.;    T^t.    h.;    Vit; 


684  REPEBTORY 

IMAaiNATIOKS— Faaaies.      lUusloa!;       Acute,     nvidl 

Absinth.:    Aeon.;    Ambra;     BflL;    Can.   ind.;    Dub  , 

Hyos.;    Kali  c;    Lach.;     Op.;    Stratn,;     Bui.;    Ver,  a. 

See  Halhicinatiojis, 

Away  from  hozEie*  must  gei  there— Sr>'.;     Calc,  p  . 

Cim,;    Hyos.;     Op. 
Bed  EinMELg — Benz,;    Kali  c. 
Bed    too   hard — Am.;     Bapt.;     Biy^;     Morph.;     Pyr  . 

Ruia. 
Beifig  tbUied  or  criticised— Bar.  c;    Cocaine. 
Being  assa.ssln&ted — Absinth.:    Plumb,  m. 
Being  l^foken  In  fragtnentf.  scftttered  about — Sapi^: 

Dapih.:     PetroL;     Stram, 
Being  crushed  hy  houses— Arg.  n. 
Being  dead — Apis-    Lack.,    Moach* 
Being  demon^  curses,  swears— Anac. 
Being  doomedt  lost  to  salvation — Aur. ;    CycL;  LU.  ;.; 

MelL;    Psor*;    Puis.;    SuL;    V^r,    a. 
Being    double    (dual  personality) — Bapi,;     Can.  ind^ 

PetroL-    Siram.;  Thuya  Val. 
Being  enveloped  in  dark  clmid,  world  black  and  sinli- 

ter — Arg.    n.;    Cim. 
Being  frightened  by  a  mouse  running  from  under  i 

qhalT— Aetk.    ;  Cim.;     Lac  c. 
Being  gxiiltF  of  som,e  cammitted  C7linG--Ars,;     Cii»«; 

Cycl.;    fp^n.;     Nu^  v.;     Rtita;      Frr,  a,;     2 inc.  m* 
Being  hollow  In  organs— Ccitrir.;    Oxytr. 
Being  In  strange  surTOUndlngs — €<<:.;    Plat.;    Tub. 
Being  light,  spirit-like,  hoverlne  in  the  air — A$m.i 

Dat.  arb.;     Hyper,;     Lac  c;     Nat.  are.:     Rbus  f^,: 

Stuia;    Val. 
Being  made  of  glass,  wood,  eto. — Eupion:     Rln^s  t; 

Thuya. 
Being  occupied  about  business—  Bry.:   Op. 
B  elng  perse  cut  ed  by  his  en  eml  es — An  ac. ;    Cinch. ;    Co- 
caine;   Hyo$,;    Kali  br,;     Nux  v.^    Pluixib.  m. 
Being  poisoned — Hyos.:    Rhus.  t. ;    Ver*  v. 
BetngpofisesiedbytwD  will  %—Anac.:    Lach. 
Being  pursued — Anac:    Hyos.;    Stram. 
Being  pregnant,  or  something  aUve  In  the  abdornvD-- 

Ctos.;    CycLi     Op.:     Sabad.;     Thuya;    Ver*  a. 
Being  separated  body  and  soul—.Anac;    Thuya. 
Being  iWOllen— Aeon.;    Aran,;    Arg    «..-    Bapt.;    Bvoi 
Can.  ind.;  Gels.;  Gion.^  Plat. 


MIND  6S5 

Bet3»  under  super -luiman  oontrol— L^^/f.;    Thuyn. 

Biluc  very  lick — Sabad. 

Betns  veiy  wealthy —Phoii. ;    Pyr. ;   SuL 

Dtmen&lODS  of  things  Inrser — Acoii.:    Arg.  n.:    Atrop,; 

Bov.'     Can.  ind.;    Gela.;    Glon.;    Paris. 
Dlme&Elcyns  of  things  Email er— Plat. 
Directions  of  things  revei-Bed — Camph.  monqbf. 
Durvticrti  of  time  and  space  lost  or  oonfuied^Anhal.: 

Can.  ind^:   Cic,-    Lada 
TUne  pa«*ei  too  rapidly— Coei^.;    Ther. 
Time  pat&es  too  slowly-^ Alum.:    Arg.  n.;    Can,  ind.; 
Med,?    Nux  m=;    Nus  v, 
HALLtTGINATIONS-'Bemedles    In    ffKieti.1;      Ahxinlh,; 
Alt!  bra:      Anac;    ArthaL;     Antipyr,;     Ars.;     Atrop*; 
BtlL,'     Can.  ind^;     Cham,^     Chloral ^    Cim.;    Cocaine: 
Hym.t     Kali   br.:     Lach.;     Nat,   saL;      Op,;     Phos*: 
Plat.;    Strajn,:    Sul-t    Thea:    Tnon.;    Zinc.  mur. 
Auditory  ( b  ell  s,  mualo,  vol  cei ) — .4  «  0  c. :   A  ntipyr. ;  Ars . ; 
Can,    ind.;     CbtK    s^;      Chum.;     Elaps;      Nat^    p,; 
Strain.;    Thea, 
Olfactory— ylgn,/    Anac;    Ars.:    Euph.    amy.:    Paris; 

Zinc.  mur. 
Tlto&l     CAnlnmlEp     bugs*     faces)— .4&jfKfJ^.,^      Ambra; 
Anhal.;      Antipyr.;      Ars.:      Airop,:      BetL;     Citn*; 
Cocaine;    HyQi*;    Kali  br.j    Lach.;     Morpli.;    Nat, 
sbL;      Op.:     PhoB.:     Plat.:     Sant.:     Stram.;     Sul.; 
VaL 
IHBAKITY— See  Mania,  Melancholia,  etc. 
LOQITAGZTT — Agar.;     BelL;     Can.  and.;     Cim.;    Cocaine: 

Eug.  j.:    Hyas.;    Lack.;    Strain.;    Tar,  h..*    Ver*  a, 
KtAKIA—Eemedlei  in  general:    Absinth.;    Aeon.;    Agar.; 
Ars-,    Atrop>;    Bapi. ;    Bell.;    Bry.;    Cati^  ind,;    CQnth.; 
Cim,;    Chloral;    Cupr.   m*;    Glon.;    By^i,;    Kali  br.; 
Lftcb.:    Lil.  t.:    Nnx  v.;    Op,;    Orij?,;    Passifl.;    Phos.; 
Pier,  ac-    Plat,;     Rhys  t,;    Sec;    Spong.;    Sul.  hydn; 
8nl.;    Stram.;    Ust,]      l>r.  fl. 
ErotomanUi    <nyitiptiOinaiila«    aatyr^slsj-^Apts;     Bar. 
m.;    Calc.  p.:    Cantk.;    Ferrule  gL;    NyoM.;    Lil.  t.; 
Murex;     Grig.;     Fkox,,     Pier,  ac;     Plat,;     Robin*: 
5/ ram.;    Tar.  h.;    Ver*  a^ 
Monomania       (lEleptomanla,    e%e.)  —  Ab9imh.i       Cic; 

Hyos.;    Oxytr.;    Plat.;    Tar.  h, 
Fuaip&rml—Agn.;    Bell.;     Cfw,;    H^o*.;    Y\aX.-,    %i^.- 
Senec. ;      Vwr.  a.;     Ver*   v« 


686  KEt'EBTORV 

MELANCHOLIA^Eemedics   In  seuc^r&l:     Aeon.;    Aga; 
Altjm.i    At&.  n.l    Ars^;    Aur.;    Bapt.;    Cact.-    Calc,  c; 
Cim^t     Coff.;     Con.;     Dig.;     Ferr.   m.\     Gels.:    Htlon.i 
Ign.;    lod,;    LiL  t*;    Lye;    Merc;     Nat.  m.;    Nux  m.; 
Nii^v,;   Op*;    Phcs.  ac;    Phos,;    Plat*;    Pod*;   Puis-; 
S^p.t    Sa.;     Stram,;     Sut;     Thuya;      V>n   a.;    Sine, 
m, 
Pubertlc^Ant-  c;   *HelUb.;    Matidri. ;   Nat.  m. 
Puerperal  — Agn.:    Cim.;    Nat.  m. ;    Plat.;    Vet.  v. 
BeU«l<iui — Ara  * :    A  «r.  m* ;    ^  i*f .  m  ti  r* ;    Kali  br, ;  Lil.  t  : 

MelL;    Psor.;    Puis.;    Stram.;     F*f,  a, 
Seruai— Asn.;    tTfw.;    Lil,  t.;    Pier,  ac;    Sep. 
M£MO:aT— Foiigetful,  weaJc  or  lo&l:     Absinth.:    Aeon.. 
A^k.;    Agn.;    Alum.;    An^c-;    Arg,  n.;    Bar.  c*  Calc^ 
p,;    Can.  ind.;    Cocc:    Con.;    KnH  br,;     Kali  p,;   h^^^- 
c*;    Ly-d.;    Merc;    Nux  m.;     Ntt«  u.;    Oleandr;    PbM. 
ttc. ;     J'^as.,^     ffcr.  off.,"     Plumb,  m.;     Rhod.;    Sden.; 
SuL;    Zinc,  m.;    Zinc,  p,;    Zinc,  pier* 
CMUiot  remeiaber  familiar  streets — Can.  ind.;    f7/<3H.; 

Nux  m* 
Caimot    rezneiaber    aames — Anac.i     Guaiac*:     Hep. 

Lyt:.;    Svfl.;    Xerophyl. 
Gaimot   remember    riffht    words     (anmeElo    a|duflit 
par  apliasia}-- Agar.;       Alum,;       A^iac,;       Ar«.    n.; 
Calc.  p.:    Can.  ind.;     Kalibr.;    Lac   c;    Lye;    Noi 
m,:    Phos,  ac*;    Plvmb.  m*;    Surab*;    XcfophyL 
DlilleuItFp    or    Inability    ol   flTlng    att^a^ttxni — Attk, 
Agar.;    Agn.;    Alum.;    Anac:    Arg.  n.;    Bapt,;€6tt 
ipd.;    Con.;    CwU.;    I  rid.;    Lac   c;    Lye*;    Op.;    Ni^^ 
m.;    Phos.  ac;    Ph&w.;    Ptcr.  ac,    Sil,;    XeropTiyt; 
Ziner.  m. 
Oxnlts  letters,  words — Hetne.   ac;     Cham.;     Kali  hf-: 

Lace;    Lyc.,^    Mcli.;     Nux  m.,    Nux  v. 
Thoughts*  rapidity  o(— Anac.;    BeU.;    Can,  ind.;  Cim-^ 

Cinch.;    Cojf.;    Lac  c;    Lach.;     Pkytost. 
Thou^htSi  slowness  of — Caps.;     Cat^ba  tj,.-    Lyc4    Nn* 

m.;  Op.-  Phos.  ac;  Phot.;  Sec;  Thuya. 
TboufhtSp  vanish  while  reading,  talklnsp  wtitlnc-^ 
Anac,;  Asar.;  Can,  i«d.;  Lach.;  Lye*:  A'^mJ  *■+ 
Pier*  ac. 
Unable  to  thlnte— Abica  n.;  Aeth.;  Anae,?  Art.  b^: 
Bapt.,  Can.  ind.;  Con.;  Gali.;  Kaai  p.;  tyC' 
Kat.  c:  Nftx  m,;  Nux  v,;  Oleand.;  Oxytr,;  Pile's 
nc,:    Phos.;    Pier,  ac;    Sil. 


»IKD  687 

Weak  fronL  lexual  aliusft — Anac:    Arg.  n.:    Aur. ;    Nat. 

m, :    Phox*  ac,;    Staph. 
tDW  — AtJS «1  C e  of:     Aton.;     i4g».;     ^Hciir:;     Apia:     Can. 
ind,;    Kali  br. ;    Lac    c;     Nvx  tn.;    Phos.  ac;    Potb. ; 
Rhus  t.;    Zinc. 
Absetnce  ol  znor&l  and  will  power — Abrot. ;    Ccca;    Co- 

naine:     Kali  br, ;     Mnrph.;    Op,:     Pier,  ac;    Tar.  h. 
Oloudlness,  c<nifuslon,  depreiflloiir  dullnesi^ Abies  n.; 

Aesc^;    Agar^;    Ail,,'    Anac;    Apis;    Arg.  n.;    Bapi.; 

B»n  c;     Bell.;     Ca^n.   ind.;     Cocc^;     Gsl9.:     Glon.; 

Helith,;    Irid.;    Lyc.t    Manciti.;    Nat.  c;     Nux  m.r 

Nujt  v.;      Phos.    Qc;     Phos-;     Pier    ac;      RU'hm  i.; 

Selen.;      Staph.:;      Stram.;      Sulphon. ;      Xeropbyl,; 

Zinc*  m. 
£xcLteme&ti  ea[blUri.tloii  Of — Agar:    B^tL;    Can.  in d.; 

Canth.;     Cttff.,'     EucaL;     Hycs.:     hAch..;     Nux   v,; 

Op.;    PauLi     Pbysost,;    Stram^;    Thea;      Ver.  a. 
MOOD  OB  DISPOSITION— Anions:    Acpn..-   Aetb.;   Agn.; 
Amy];   Ajtj?.   n.;    Ars.:  Atr,;   BelL;  Bism. ;  Bor. ;  Calc. 
c,;     Camph.;     Can,  ind^;    Chani,;    Coff. :    Dij?, ;     /f».; 
Kalic;    Lil    t.;   Nat.c:    Ntjx  v.;  Pko&.;    Psor.^    Puh,; 
Rhus    t-i    vSec  ;    SiL^    Stram.;    SuL;    Tab.;    Ver.  a. 
Anxiety  felt  duilng  tbimder-stonsi — Nat.  c;    PkQu. 
Anxiety  Iclt  In  Btomaoli— At^.;    Dig.;    Kali  c:    Ver.  a. 
Apametlc,   indifferent    to    everything— AparH ;      Apu; 

Atg.   n.;     Arn.^     Bapt.  i     Bry.;     Cinch..-  Gels.;    ^gn,; 

La  burn.;    Lil*  t.;    Nat.  tn.;    Op.;    Phcs.  ac;    Phos,; 

Pier,  ac;    Puk.;    Sep.;    Staph.;    Ver,  a, 
Av«Tslon  to  ment&l  and  pliysical  worlc — Agar. ;     Aht; 

Anac;    Bapt.;    Caps.;    Carb,  ac;    Cinck.;     Kali  p.; 

Nat.  c;     Nux  v.;    Oxytr. ;     Pkoi.  at,f    Phos,;     Pier. 

ac;    Selen.;    Sil,;    SuL;    Zinc  m. 
Beilre    for   work— Aur. ;       Cere  us;      Cmmne;     Euc&l.; 

Hilon.;    Lacerla;    Pedic  • 

BaslifUli     timid— >1m&ra;     Aur.;      Bor.    c;     Calc    c; 

Caufit.;     Coca;     Graph.;     Ign.;     Kali    p.;      Lil.    t,; 

Mancin.;    Phcra.;    PuIm.;    Sil.;    Staph. 
GoinpUlnln^,  dlaeontenled*   dJsBattffled— Aloe;     AnL 

£.;      Ars.;      Bism.;      Bry.;      Chatti.;      Cina;      Colch.; 

Mag,  p.;    Nit,  ac.i    Peor.:    Puis.'    Tab. 

LDespairtng.  hopeleis,  discourftged  easily,  tack  of  oon- 
ildence— .4t:£?M.;  Agn.;  Alttm^;  Anac;  Ant.  c; 
Arg.  n.;  Ars.;  Attr.;  Bar.  c;  Z^n.,'  Nit.  ac;  Op,; 
Phmr,  PsoT^i     Puis.;    Sep.;    Syph,;    Ver.  a. 


MS 


REPEETORY 


T>i  1 1 1 -fl nrting,  flnt fttry ,   cautlOUl^ — Ars.;    Cham.;   Griph. 

Hiilnn.,      Morph.:       jVw3!    i».;      Plat.:     Sep.;     Sul.* 

Fe&rlessness,  daring ^. 4 j^nr.    Bell.^    Op.,'    S£l. 
Frctfuli  cross,  irritable,  peevlali,  quan-elsome,  whjn- 

tOg — Abrot.;     ^4tort.;     Aesc:     Aeth.j     ^4™*.  c;  Ant. 

i.;     Apis;     Atir. ;     Bry,,'    Calc.     br.;     Caps,;     Caijst., 

Cham,;    Cima;   Cinch..;     Ctflck  ;    CoL;    Ferr.;    Hep.. 

Ipec.;     Ign.;     Kali   c;     Kali   p.:      Kfffag.;     Lil.   t; 

Lyc.i    Nat.  m.;    Nit.  acn;     Ntix  sj;;    Puis.;    Rheum; 

5ffp,;    StI.;    5fd/ffe.;    Sul.;    Thuya;    Ven  v, 
Ftetftil  dAj  and  nlffht — Cham,;    Ign.;     Ipec^;    Pser.; 

Stram. 
FretfUl  day  only  — Lye. 

Fretful  night  only— Ant.  t,;    Jal,;    Nux  v.;    Rheum. 
CtUld  cannot  bear  to  be  touched,  looked  at,  or  t^Qkm 

to — Ant.  L^;     Ant.   t.;     Ckixm.;     Cina;     Gels.:     Ku^ 

v.;    Sanic.:    SiL ;    Thuya, 

Child  wants  difTefent  things*  hut  petulantly  r«3ecti 

them  —  Ant.      t.:       Dry.;       Cham,;       Cina;       Ipec; 

Krcos.;    Rheum;    5tJph, 
Oay,  irolleiomei  hllaiious — Anag.-     Can,  ind.:    Cofl.t 

Croc.;   Cyprep,;    Eucal.;     Formica;    HytjSx;    LacL; 

Spong,;    Thea. 
Grieving,  totroapeotlirej  aighinff—Ail.;    Cak.  p,;  Clm.; 

Diy..:     IhcHs;    Ign.;     Phos    ac;     FwJ*, 
Haughty,     arrogant,     prtdeful — Canr,       Lye:       f'a^J-' 

Phos.:     Piat.;    Staph.;     Ver.  a. 
Contempt  of  others— I  pec ;    Flat . 
Contempt  of  ieU — Agn..     Aur.;    Lace;    Tlmy*. 
Sypei-Keinsitiye,  cannot  hear  contradiction,  TflKSd  at 

trifles— AcoQ. ;      Anas*;     Ant.    cr,      Arn,»      As*!; 

Asar,:    Aar,;    BcU.s     Bry.;    Cham.;    Cin&:    Cinek, 

Cocc;    Colch.;    Col.;    Hep.;    Ign^;    Lach,;    Morpb  . 

Nat.  m.;    Nit.  ac;     ATmi  tf.;    PalL;     Phos,;    FUv: 

5ffp.;    Sil-;    Staph, 
Hysterical,  (cihangeable,  7aclllatory)^Aeoti,;  Atum.; 

Am  bra;      Axaf.;     Camph*    monobr*;     Cast.;    Clm.; 

Coccr.;    Croc.;    Gela^;    /gw./    LU,  t.;     Mosck.;    Nat. 

m.:    Nux  m.:    Plat.:    Putt.;    Sep.:    Sumb.,    Taf.  h  * 

ThBsp,;      VaL:    Zinc,  v, 
impatiemt*  impulsive — Ant,  c;    j4rf.  k.;    Cham,;   Col-: 

Ign.;     I  pec;     Nat.    m.;     Nnx  v,;     Puis.;     Rheum; 

Sep,;    Staph,;    Sul. 


MIND 


539 


Impudent*  li;i£Ultliig*  ixulioimis*  reT«xi£elulr  spiteful— 

Anac;     Ars.;     Cham.;     Cinch.;     Nit.  ac.;      A"**:  v.; 
Staph.;    Tar.  h. 
Indecisive,    Irresolute — Arg.     n^;      Bar.    c;      Caust*; 
Crapb*;    /jjw.;    Kux  m.;     Puis, 

rolsnt,     listless,     letliarfflCj     ambltlonlesB — Alet.; 
Aloe:    Apis:    Bry^;    Caps,;    Carbn  ac>;    Ceh.;    Kali 
p.;  Lil^  t.;  Nux  v.;   Pkos.  ac.;  Pier,  ac;  Sep^;    Zijflc. 
Jealous— -4 /»4^;    Hyos.;    Lack.;    Nux  v. 
Melancholia*    de^pondeaitp     depressed,     low>^lrited 

r  gloomy  I  appretienstTe — Abiesn.;  Aeon.;  Aesc; 
Agn.;  Alutn.;  ATiac;  Ant.  c;  Arg.  n,;  Ars.;  Attr,; 
Cact.;  Calc*  c-;  Cim.;  Cinchn:  Cyd.t  Dig.; 
Graph.;  Helen.;  Ibem;  Ign.;  Lat  c;  Lach.; 
Lil.  t.;  Lye;  Naja;  Nat.  c;  Nat.  m.;  Nit.  ac.; 
JVni  v.;  Phos.;  Plat.^  Psgr.;  PuU;  Rtius  t.; 
Seiiee,;  Sep.;  Stann.;  StilL;  Staph.;  SuL;  Tab.; 
Ver.  a. 
I  MUd*  geaitle,  yielding— Alum.;  /g«..-  Murex;  Phos, 
'1  3.^.,\     Puli.;    Sep.;    SiL 

Misanthropic,    miserly,    setflsh — Ars,;      Lye;      Pall.; 

Sep.;  SuL 
Nervous,  excited,  fidgety,  worrled-™Absinth. ;  Aeon.; 
Am  bra;  Anac  ;  Apis;  Arg-  n.;  Ars.;  A^sr.; 
Bell.;  Bof.;  Bov,;  Calc.  br.;  Compfe.  moHobr.; 
Cham.;  Cina;  Co(f.;  Ferr.;  Gels.;  Hyos.;  Hyot. 
hydrobr.;  Ign.;  Kali  bn;  Kalip,;  LiL  t.;  Majj.  c.; 
Morph.;  Nat.  c;  Nujtm.;  Nuic  v.;  Pho«^;  Puli.; 
Sep,;  Sil.;  Staph.;  Stram.;  Siimb.;  Tar.  h.; 
Thea;  VaL;  Zinc.  p. 
Obscene,   amative— f7a«f^.H      Hyos.;     Lil.    t.:     Mtirex; 

Pko3,;    pAils,;    Eitapb.;    Stram,;      Ver.  a. 
Sestlesi    {m.en tally    and    pLbyslcally) — At^n.;      Arsr, 
Bell.;       Bism.;       Canth.;       Cham.;      Cim,;      Coff.; 
Hy03.;    Kali  br.;    Lib  t.;    Marpb.;    Uye\    Nat.  c; 
Nux   v.;     PhoE.;     Pyr.;      Rhus  t;     Rnta;     Stram.; 
T&r.  k.;    Zinc.  in. 
Sad,     sentimental,    sli:hlng — Agn,;      Ant,     c;      Aur.; 
Cact,;     Calc.    p.;     Carbo    an.;     Cocc;     CycL;     Dig.; 
Graph.;     Iberis;     i£ft;     Lil.    t,;     Naja;     Nat.    m.; 
Nux  v.;     Puh.;     Rhus  t,;    Sep.;     Stann.;     Staph. 
Thuya. 
Sad  or  weeping  from  muslc^ Aeon.;    Attibra;    Qr&p%\ 
Nat,  c;    Sab,;    Tar.  b,;     Thuya. 


: 


6$0  KB  PERT  on  Y 

Slovenly,  filthy — Cap^.;    Merc;    SuL:    Ver*  a. 
Stubbonip  obBtlnate,  ■el£-wlll«d — Ant.  c;    Bry.;  Cai»,^ 

Cham-i    Cincb.;     Nit.  ac;     Nn%  v.;    Sil.;    Stapb. 
Btupld — Aesc»  el.;     Anac;     A  pit:    Bell.:     Coc«.;     Gitt^ 

Helleb.;     Nttx  m..;    Op.;     Pho9.  ac^    Plios^;    Vef,  a. 
SulcldAl^Ant.    c:      Art.;      Avtr.;      Cincli.;      Kali   lir.; 

Nafa;    K&t.  s,;    Nux  v,*    Rhus  t.;    Ver.  a. 
Suspicious,  nilitruitfui— A nac.,^   Anhal.;    Caust.;  Cim  : 

Hyoa,;    MerCn;     jVhj  tf.;    Puis.;    Ver,  v. 
Sympatlietlc — Cauit.;    Cqcc;    FuIjs. 
Taciturn,  morose,  sulky ,  sulleit,  un sociable^. 4 n^  i.; 

Ant,   t,;     Am.-     j^ri','     CAafii^,'    Cincrh.^     Ign.;     Na^. 

m.;      A'«3;  v.;     Plat.;     Puk.;     SiL ;     SuL;      Ver.  a. 

Tacltunit  dtslnclliied  to  b&  dliUirl3«d,  ar  answer  qu^- 
tlimi— A^f.  c;  Ant.  t.i  Am.;  ^ry.;  Carbo  an.; 
Cham.;  Col.;  Gels.;  Ign.;  Naja;  Nat.  m.;  A'lur 
%\:    Oxytr.;    Phos.  ac:    Pbo&,;    SiL;    Sid. 

Tearful,  w«eplo^ — Ars.;  Aur.;  Caot.;  Cim.;  Croc; 
CycL;  Dig.;  Graph.;  Ign.:  Lach.;  IpH.  t.;  Lye,: 
Nm,  m.;    Nux  m.i    PJat.;     i^«lff.;    Rhus  t.:    S*p.: 

KI&HT     TEBBOBS^Acon.;       j4Mr.     br.;      Cic;       Cfa^; 
Chlqrai;     Cyprep.;      Ktili  br.;     Kali  p,\     Scntel.;    So- 
lan, n.;    Siram.;    Zinc.  m. 
FBOPENSITY— To  lie  almlesily  IWiBy;  Arg.  «.;    CantJi.; 
LiL  t.;    bul.;    Tar.  h. 
To  be  abusive,  curse,  swear— .4  nor.  r    Canth.;    Lac  c>, 

Xit.  ac-:    PalL;    Stram.i      V^r.  a. 
To    be    cruel,    violent^    Inbitinan — Abrot.;      Ahiimk.. 
Anac;     Bell.;     Canth.;      Nft.  ac:     Nax  r.;    Plit; 
Stram.:    Tar,  h.;     Ver.  a. 
To  be  destructlTe,  bite,   itrlke^   vto. — B^li.:     Bufo 
Canth.:    Cnpr.  m.;     Hy&s.;    LiL  t.;     Seer    Stram., 
Tar.  h. :     Vtr.  ^. 
To  be  magnetized— Calc.  c;    Pkoi.:   SiL 
To  be  obscraie— Con^ft.;    Hyos.;    L^c1i,j    LQ.  t-:    Phot., 

Stram.;    Ver.  a. 
To  comioit  suicide — Alutn;   Ant.  cj   At*.;    /Iwr,;  Caps: 
Cim,:     Irti.;     Kali   br.:      NajfX^l     Nat.  s.;      Nvx  v„ 
Psor.;    Rhus  t.:    Thasp, 
To  dance— ,4iror.;  BeU.:    Croc.:  Hyos.;   Stmtn.:   Tar,^- 
To  do  absurd  things^ Cam,  ind.:    Cic.;     Hytf»  :    LacK: 
Btram.;     Tar,    h* 


MIND 

To  hurry — Apis;     Arg.  «.;     Aitr.,'    Coff.;     Ign.; 

Nat.  m.i    Sul.  ac;    Thuya. 
To  hurry  otlioti^Arg,  n.;   Can,  ind,:    Nux  m. 
To  laugh  Smmoder&tely  &t  trlllet^Cati.  m<i.; 

Hy&t.;    Mosjch.;    Nux  m.:    Stram. 
To  lie— Mot  ph.;    Op.\    Ver*  a. 
To  kill  beloved  onoB — ^Ntix  v.;    Plat. 
To  mu tlUte  body — Asa r. ;    Art. 
To  peTfOrm  ef  ^^^  tlilnga — Cocaine. 
To  Pi'skF— PuLi.;    Strum.;    Ver.  a. 
To  repeat  cfvorythlo^ — Zinc.  tn. 

To  I  cold — Con.;     Dulc.  J     Match,;    Mux  v.;    Ver.  a. 
To  iln£ — Agar.;    Bull.:    Cocc;    Croc;    Hyos.;    Spong.; 

Stram.;    Tar.  h. 
To  talk  In  rt^nneii  repeat  versev,  proptiecy— Agar.: 

Ant.   c;     Lach.;     Stram. 
To    tear    lihiiigft — Agar.;      BtlL;     Ciraex;     Cupr»     m.- 

Stram.;    Tar.  h.:      Ver.a. 
To  theorize  or  inedlt&t«^ Can,  ind. :   Cocc;   Coff.;   S»L 
To  touch  different  thlngi — Bell,:    SnL;    Thuya. 
To  wander  from  home — Elat.;    Lach,;    Ver.  a. 
SO B EAMS  — BhiiU.  sudden,  plerclns :    A  ph ;    B^U .;    B o r. ; 
Cham.:    Cic*;    Cinti:    Cinch.;    Cyprop.;    Gels.:    HtUwh.; 
If^dof. i    Kali  hr,;    Stram.;    Tub.;    Zinc.  m. 
SENSES— ©Ulled:    Ana^,;    Di^,;    Helleb. 
SENSES —Hyperacute :      Aeon.;      Asaf,;       A  sat.;      BtiL; 
Bor.;     Cham.;    Cinch.;    Coff.-    Colch.;     Ign,;    Lysain; 
Morph.:     jVmx      v.;     Op^;     Phos.;     Strych.;     Tar.     h.; 
Val. 
SFEECH— Hurrlod;     Anac;    Aur.:     Belt.;     Bry.;    Cocc.; 
Mtp.:    Hyos.;    Lil.  t.;    Merc;    Ver.  a. 
Lost  or  par&ly lie  (aphasia) — Bothrops;  Cattst.;  Chenop.; 
KnH  br.;     Kali   cy.;     Mez.;     Plumb,    m.;     Stram.; 
Sulphon,      See  Nervous    System. 

Slow,  dim  cult   enimoiatloD.,   Inarticulate,    itammer- 

lag— Aesc  gL:    AnhaL:     Atrop.;     Bell.:     Bothropt; 

Bov.;     Btifo;     Caust.;    Cic:    Ign.;     Kali     br. :     Kali 

I  cy.;    Merc;    Nuxm.;    Oleand;    Op.:    PhoE.;  StraTtt,; 

»  Vip. 

SafiSNAMBirLISM— ^r(.    v,;      Kali  br,;     Kali   p.;     Phos.: 

Sil.;    2intr.  m. 
8TAKTLE8,  BASELY  rBIGHTMNED  — .U£?n.;  Aptd;  Aaar.; 
BelL;       B&r.;      Calad.;       Cham.;      Cim,:      Cyprep^; 
p,;     Kali  br.;    Kali  c;     Kali  p.;     iVn*  tj.;     0^.\ 


693  REPERTORY 

Phos.;    Samb.;    Scutel.;    Sil.;    Stram.,     Sul.;    Tar. 
h.;    Zinc.  m. 
TAEDITTM   yiTJE~<di8gUSt    Of    life):      Ant.    c;     An.; 
Aur.:    Cinch.;     Hydr.;     Kali  br.;     Nat.  s.;     Nit.  ac: 
Pho8.:    Plat.;    Rhus  t.;    Sul.;    Tab.;    Thuya. 


HEAD 


l&ABT— AnenLU  ol;     Alum.-    Art,;     Calc,   p.,     Camph^f 
Cinch.;    Fern  m.:    Ferr*  p.;    Kali  c;     Kali  p.;    Sect" 
Tab.:    Ver.  a.;    Zinc^  m. 
Atrophy  of^A«r.,-     Bar.  c;    Fluor*  ac;    lod.;     Phoa.; 

Plumb,  m.;    Zinc.  m. 
Concuaalon   ol — Aeon.;     Am.,-     Bell*;      Cic;      Hyptr.; 

Kali  iod.;    Not-  s.;    SuL  ac. 
Co93£e«tiO(|i  Of  (mill  ol  blood  to  lie«d>^— '^coh./    Am  bra; 
Amy!;    Am.;    Aur.;      BHL:    Bry.;     Cact.;     Cinch. ; 
Porr*  p»;    F»rr.  fytap.:    Gels.;    Glon.;    lod,;    M^^ll, ; 
^i*af     If.;      Sang.;      Solan.;      Lye.;       Stram;      5m/.,- 
Ver.   V. 
P»S live —Cinch.;     Dilf.;     GeU.;    Ferr.   pyrop.;     Helleb.; 
Op. 
KENINGITIB— Cereljml  (Acute  and    Clixoulo),   Influii- 
nuLtlom  of;    Aeon.;    Agar.;    Apit;  Arn.t   Ars.;   .0*^,; 
^^^         Bry,;     Calc     br,;     Calc.    p.;     Cainph-;      C«r./     Cim.; 
^^K       Crot.;     Cxipr.   ac;     Cupr.    m.;     Dig.;     Gels.;     Gion.; 
^^1       HtUtb.;  H^'per,;  Hyot.;  lod.;  lodof, ;  Kali  iod.;  Lach.; 
^H       Mere.c;    Op,;    Ox.  ac;    Physoet.;    Plumb,  m.t    Rhus 
^H       t.;     Sil  ;     Solan,    n-;     SuL;     Stram.;     Tub.;     Ver.    v.; 
^^^        Zinc  ey.;    Zinc.  m.      See  Hydrocopbalus^ 
f  B&fllar^CMpr.  cy.^    Dig.;    HeUeb.i    lod.;    Sec.;    Wr.  t*. 

^^_    Carebro-qplnal — AiL;    Apia;    B*ll.^    Cic;    cim,;   Cece.; 
^H  Crol.;    C»pr.  nc*    Eehin.;    Gels.;     H^Utb,;    Hyoi.; 

^^m  Ipec.;      Op.;      Oreodaph.;      Physost.;      Sil.;      Sul; 

P  Ver.  v.;    Zinc*  cy, 

I  Tmumatlc — Aeon.;      Arn.;     BelL;      ^yptr.;      Nat.    *.; 

I  Sil. 

I         Tub ©reui*r— Apis;    Bac,;    Bell.;    Bry.:    Calc  c;    CtUc. 
*  p.,    Cocc;    Cnpr.  ey,;    Dig.;    Uelleb.:    lod,;    /adof.; 

Op.;    Stram.;    S\tL;    V«r*  v.;    Zinc  o. 
FikralyBlft  of — Op.;  Zinc.  m.      See    Apoplexy    CCircuIattjry 

System). 
idoroiJf*        BoiteniDs,       D«cecLeTmUfiiiL  —  Ki,a^ttV     '^i^^^ 
\  n.;      A  Mr.:     Bar.     c;      Can.    ind.;      K«\\    ^A     ^lIHl 

li^ 11 i 


696  REPERTORY 

Plumb,   m.;     Salam       See  Arterio-sclerosis   (CircuU- 
tory  System). 
Tumors — Apomorph.;     Am.;     Bar.    c;      Bell.;     Calc.  c; 
Con.;    Glon.;    Graph.;    Hydr.;       Kali    tod.;      Plumb, 
in.;    Sep. 
CEBEBELLAB  DISEASE— Stilphon. 
FONTANELLES— Tardy  closure:    Apis;    Calc.  c;    Cak. 

p.;    Sep.;    Sil.;    Sul.;    Zinc.  m. 
HEADACHE     (ceiihalalsU)— ^ause:     Altttndes,    hlgb: 
Coca. 
Bathing — Ant.  c. 
Beer — Rhus  t. 

B right's  disease — Am.  v.;    Zinc.  pier. 
Candy,  sweets— Ant.  c. 
Catarrh — Cepa;    Merc;    Puis.;    Sticta. 
Catarrh  suppressed — Bell.;    Kali  bich.;    Lach. 
CoSee — Arum;     Nux  v.;    Paull. 
Constipation— i4io^;     Alum.;    Bry.;     Collins.;      Hydr.: 

Nit.  ac;     Nux  v.;    Op. 
Dancing — Arg.  n. 

ESete  matter  in  system — Asclep.  s. 
Emotional    disturbances — Acetan.;      Arg.    n.;     Cim.; 

Epiph.;    Ign. 
Eruptions  suppressed — Ant.  c. 
Eye-strain — Acetan.;    Cim.;    Epiph.;    Nat.  ni.;    Onosm.; 

Phos.  ac. ;     Ruta. 
Fasting — Ars.;    Cact.;    Lach.;     Lye;    Sil. 
Gastro-intestinal  derangements — Ant.  c;    Bry.;    Nux 

m.;     Nux  v.;    Puis. 
Hair-cut— Bell.;    Bry. 

Hat,  pressure  Of — Calc.  p.;   Carbo.  v.;    Nat.  m.;   Nit.  ac. 
Hemorrhoids — Collins . 
Hemorrhage,  excesses  or  vital  losses — Carbo  v.;    Cinch 

Ferr.;    Ferr.  pyrop. 
Ice-water — Dig. 
Influenza — Camph,;    Lob.  purp. 
Ironing — Bry.;    Sep. 
Liver  derangement — Lept. 
Lumbago,  alternating  with  it — Aloe. 
Malaria — Ars.;    Caps.;    Ced.;     Chin,  s.;    Cinch.;    Cupr. 

ac. 
Mercury — Still. 

Mental    exertion    or    nerrous    exhaustion — Acetan.'- 
Agar.;      Anac;     Arg.    n.;     Aur.    br. ;     Chionanth.; 


^^^^^^^^V 

697      ^M 

^T        Cim.;    Coff.;    Epig^;    Ign.;     Kali  p,; 

Nat.  c:    Nkx     ^^M 

v.:    Pier,  ac;    Sabad. 

^^M 

Narcatici,  abuG«  of — Acct.  ac. 

^^M 

Over-mting— Caic  c. 

^^M 

Perspiration,  suppressed — Asclep,  s. 

^^^ 

^^1 

Elding  in  cars— Cocr..    Med. 

^^1 

Sexual  excitement^  weaJEiiesB^Oiiosiri, ; 

Phm.  ac.;  Sit.      ^| 

Sleep^  loss  of — Crm,;     .Vwjt  v. 

^^1 

Splritou*  liauors  —  Ant.   c.     Nux  v,; 

Pati].:   Rhod.;     ^H 

Rula'    Zinc.  m. 

^^1 

SunUght  orheat— Be/Lp'   Cact.;    Ferr.  p 

Gels..'    Glon.:     ^^H 

Kal.;     Lach.;     NcU,  c,;    Xht:  v.;     Sti 

^^H 

Syphllli— Ars.;    Aur.;    StUL;    Syph. 

^^H 

Tea — Niax  v.;    V^m\.\    SeUn.;    Thuya. 

^^^^^1 

TObatifiO— Ant.  c. ;    Carb,  ac, ;     Ign. 

^^^^^1 

1       Trauma tl Em —  A  r« . ,    Hyper,;    N at .  $ , 

^^^^^1 

Uremia — Am.;    Can.  ind.;    Glon.:    Hyp 

er. ;    Sang^.                ^^H 

Uterine  disease,   reflex— BelL;     Cim.. 

Gels.;      I^n.;     ^H 

Puk.;    5ep.;    Zinc.  p. 

^^1 

^^M 

|l  TYPE— Anemle:  Calc.   p>;     Cimk.;    Ferr. 

p;    Ferr.             ^H 

Il                 Zinc.  m. 

^^1 

Catarrhal— Bell.;     Ctpa;     Kali    bich.; 

Ifffrc.;      Puis. .       ^^ 

,                  SticM. 

J 

I        Clironlc— .4rg.  n.;    Nat.  m.;    Phos.;    Psc^^.;    Sep.;    Sil..       ^J 

2if)c.  m. 

^^1 

ClLr<inlc«  old  people — lod.;    Phos. 

^^1 

1       Cbronlc,   sdiool  Klrli—Cof^.    ^,r     Kali 

p,;      A^at.    m..     ^^H 

1                  Fhos.  nc;     Ficr.  or.;     Pson;    Tub.; 

Zinc,  m,                ^H 

Clironlc,  sedentary  persons— Ana c; 

Arg.    n.;     Bry  ;     ^H 

\tiX  V. 

^^1 

Climacteric— Cact.;   Cim.;  Croc;    Cyd. 

;   Laeh.;  Sang.\     ^^| 

£ul. 

^^1 

CongeBtlTe— j4co«.,^      Arg.    n, ;      Stf^^,^ 

Bry.;       C^cK;     ^H 

C'hinin.  s. ;     Ferr.  p.'     Gffh*;     Glon^t 

Lach.;     M^li.;     ^H 

Nux  v.i     Op.;    5i3Mg.;     Saj     SoL   n. 

;    Sul.;    Usnea^     ^H 

l'>r.  i^. 

^^1 

Gastric,  biliOHB— Am,    pkn;     Anac. 

Ar^.    n.;     Bry.;     ^H 

j                  Chionatttk^    I  pec;    If  is;    Lob.  infl.; 
Strych.;    Tarait. 
HFitcriCAl     (Cl»VUB)— Agan;       AquiL; 

Nux  v.;    Puis.;      ^H 

^^1 

C0f./      Un..     ^M 

'                   Maj?.  m.;    Nux  v.;    Puis. 

^^M 

IL      Menstrual— Cact.;    Chionantb,;   Cim,: 

Cincb..;    Cfiki^f^.     ^^H 

698 


RBFERTORY 


Lach.r    Lil. 


Nsti, 


CroCr;     Glon.;     Kali   p, 

Puls-i    5fl^,;     Ufitil. 
MleraMfi,  jaegrtxn,  or  nerrtms — Anac;     An^aL:    Arg. 

n. ;     Bell.;     Bry.;     Calc.   ac;     Calc^  c. ;     Can.  ini4 

Ced>;     Chionafith. ;    Ctm.;     Ccwsc.;      Coff,:      Ep%%.. 

Epiph.'    £7*1*.;    Guar.;   Ign.;    Iris;    Melu;    Mecisp.; 

Nat.  m,;     Niccol-i     Nnx  v^t  Omojih.;  5onf.;    S##.; 

Spig.:    SU.;    Stanii,;    Tab.;    Zinc,  v.;    Zi^ia. 
Neuralffie — Aconiiint;     Arg.   n, ;     j4r*.:     Bell:    Bism.: 

Ctd.;    Chin,  b.;     CdLi     Mdi,;     Oreodaph.:     Phos.; 

Spig.;    Zinc.  v. 
BlieuzEiAtlc,   couty^ — f^ffatoc,.-     Hep.;     I  pec;     Kali  t.; 

Uremic  — Am.:    GIdu.;    Hyper.;    Sun^. 
TTtero-ovaf Ian— Bell.;    Cim.;    Grh-;   Ign.:    Puis,:  SfK 
Zinc,  p. 
LOCATIOK^Frontal :    -4 con,,'    Aesc;    Agar,;    Ail.;    i4lfl*; 
Anac,;    Antipyr,;    Arg,  n.;    An,,;    Aur.;     BeU.;    Bf><; 
Cald.   c. ;     Ced.;     Ctpa^     Chin,  i.;     Chionanth^r  Gels*: 
Kydr,;     Ign,;      Kali   tick.;     Lept«;     MelL;     Bieniip,; 
JV«jf  u,,-    Prunns:     Rhi-is   t.;     Scut^l.;     Si],:     Stellar,; 
Sticta. 
Fran  tat,  ext^adlug  to  eyai*  root  of  nose,  face,  ot«.— 
Aeon.;     Agar.;     Aloe;     Bad.;     Sf^r./     Ced. ;     Cept; 
Ceretis;     Cim,;    Ign.;     Kali  iod*:     Lack.;     Onmmi 
Prufius  3p,;    PteL;    Spi^,;    Stii^a, 
Frontal  extending  to  occiput,  n&pe  ol  neck  and  ^pl£t 
—  Bry.;      Gels.;       Lac     d*;       Menisp,;       Ortod^ph: 
Prunus  sp. 
Occipital — Aeth.;     Anac;     Bry.;     Camph. ;     Can.  iiid,; 
Carbo    v.;     Cim.;     Cocc;     Eup.    porf,;     Ferr.   m.; 
G§lt,;    Jugl,  c:     Lac  c.;     N^x  v.;    Onosm^i    Orto* 
daph.;     Petrol.;     PicT.  ac*;    Plat,  mur.;    Rlitis  srl: 

Occipital,    extending    to    eyes    and    foreb^4— Bell.: 

Geh.;    Lac  c;    Onosm*;    Pier,  ac»;    S^ng.;    SH, 
I.eft — NuTic  V,;    Owosm.,-    5 fig. 

Eight— C^^.;    CheL;    Iris;    Kali  bich.;    Soh^,;    SiJ. 
Seml-latcral      (hemlcranla) — Arg.    n,;      Ar».;     BelL; 

Ccd.;     Cfj/f.,-     Dion.;     l$n.;     Kali   bich.:     01.   an; 

Onotm.;    Phos.;    Prunus  sp.;     Pult,;    Sep.;    5f if , 

Stann. 
Spinal    aJid    Cervical — Bell.;      Cifw.,*      Coecs      C#J«.f 

Ortodaph.;    PUos.  ac;     /"iff,  at,;    5*1.;    Ver   *- 


I 


HEAP 


699 


Cinnab.;       Kait    hick.:      Meli.;       Nux    p,;      PhelL; 

Viola. 
ii^n-OTblUI,  leJt— Bry.;     Ced.*    Nnx  v.;    Oreodapli.: 

Selen. ;    Senec. :    Spii. 
SuprK-orbtt&l.  Tight— Bum.:    CktL;    Kati  bkh.:    Meli. 
Suturei,  alone— Caic.  P^ 
Tezapiei^ — A€<^h^;     Anar.:      Am,;     Bell.:     Bry.;     Ced.; 

Carb.^>;    Cinch. :    Epipb.^    Gels.;     On&fw.:    Oreo- 

di^plMvPheU. :    Sang.:    St  nee;    tJsnea. 
TranplesXtr  to  ew — Antipyr.;    PalL:    By  ph. 
TMtex    fSfOwn    of     head) — Alument      Aabc.;      Coct.; 

Calc.m^;   Cinch.;    Hyper.;    Lack.:  Menyanth;  PalL 

PhelLf  Pfc<Ji.  dr.-  Sep. 
CHAEACTEB  OF  FAIH— AeMn^,  diiU:  Aeon.;  Msc: 
Alct;  Am.  c,T  Arg.  «.;  Ars.;  Bapt.;  Bell.:  Caps.; 
Carbo  v.*  Card,  m,:  Cepa;  Cingh.;  Gels.;  Helleb.: 
Hydr.;  Ign.;  Lept,;  Lil.  t.;  Nat.  ars.;  Nu%  v,; 
Onostn.;  Oreodaph.;  Phell. ;  Plumb,  m.:  Scutel.; 
SiL :  Stann. ;  Stellar. 
Boiinc,  dlfffflng:— j4r£.  n.;    Asaf.-    Aur.;    BelL;    Clem.; 

Cut.:    Hep.;    Nat.  s.;    Sep.;    Stram. 
BQinlnC.   beat — Aeon.;    Altimen;     Apis;     Arn.;     Ats.; 

Ast.;    lielL;   Cak,  p.;    Glon.;    Lack.;    Lil.  U;    Merc; 

Ox.    ac:     Phell.;      Phoa.;     Sil.;     Tongo;     Ver.    v.; 

Viola. 
BuratUifr  Apllttinf — Actm.;   Bell.;    Bty.;   Cact.;   Caps,; 

Cinch.:     Daphne;     Glon.;     Oleand.;    Puis.;     Solan- 

tyc;    Strych.^      Uxnta:    Ver.  a* 
Brulaedf  IsatteriKl,   lore— Am.;     Bapt.;    Bellk;    CdfT. ; 

Gwla.;     Quarea;      /fiM,.-      JpcCkT       Nv^    v.;     Phell. ; 

Pkos.  ac. 
CoQBtrtotlTei  1iazid-llk«i    squeetlli^^.4»af.;     Ant.    t.; 

Antipyr.;     Cact.;     Carbo    v.;     Curb,   ac^;     Card,    jn^*, 

Cocc.;     Eup.   perf.;     Geli.;     lod. ;     Merc;     Nit.  ac; 

Osm,;    Piai.:    Spig.;    Sul, ;    Tub. 
Drawings  Biam.:      Bry.;      Caps.^      Carbo     v.;      Caul.; 

Can  ft. 
BxorUGlatliiSf  violent — Agar.;     Amy].;     Anac:     BtlL; 

Bry.;    Ctm.;    Cinch.;    Glon.;    Kati  iod.;    Oreodaph.; 

Plat,  mur*;    Sil.;    Spig.:    Strych.;    Zinc.  v. 
DlitenalTVi  full — Aeon.;    Ar^.  □.;    Bapt.;    BtlL:    Bo  v.; 

Cflcr. ,'     Cbitir   ars,^     Cim.;     Gtlt.j     G1ot%,;    ^utl  ^.■, 
Strych. 


REPEitTORY 


HeaTlBCBS — Aeon.;      Apb;      Arg.     u.,      Bapl.j     Cuct'. 

CaleL,  CkJ    Carbo  v.;     Cdi.;     Glon.:     Hyper.;    Iga,: 

Lack.;     Lil.    t.:     MeLi. ;    Merc;      Nv.x  v.;     Onosm.; 

Op:      Oreodaph.j      Petrol, :      Pbell.;      Phos.    bc; 

Rhus  t.;    S#p. 
Periodical,  In termltt out ^ Aeon.;  Ar0.  n,;    Art.;  Cad.; 

Cffd.;    CtwcA,,'   Eup.  perf^:   l£ii.;    Kalicy,;    Nicced.; 

Sane.;    Spig.;    Tab.;    Tela  ar. 
Ferlodlc&U  every  other  day — AnhaL;    Cinch, 
Every  third— seveiitli  4»F— Eup.  perf. 
Every  seventh  day — Calc.  ars.;    Sabad.;    Sdng,/    SqI 
Every  eighth  day^Iris, 
^l^r&iSOjSt  At  tram  nMl^  Agar,;   Anauth. ;    AquU,;   Co§.: 

Hep.;    Ign.;     Xux   v.;    Paraf, ;    Ruta;    ail,;    Thny^: 

Zijic.  vaL 
PresBlng— .4irij«.;     Aloe;     jinac;     Bell.;     Bry.;    Cact.; 

Caps.;      Carh.    ac;     Cham«;     Chionaatli. :    EpipL; 

Bup*  perf.;    Ferr,;    fgn.;    Lacb.;    Meiiyatitti^j    Nta 

v.;    Onosm.;     Op-;     Oreodaph^;     Fhos.   ac^    Plal; 

Pod.:      Puis.;      Rhus    t.:      Stann.;      Sticta;     SiJ; 

Thasp^;    Zinc,  m* 
Preiiingf    as   fiom  pinoeTS,    or  vice— Bis  m,;     Coti.; 

Cham,;    Lye;     Menisp.;     Mwnyanth;     PtaL:    Puk.T 

V^iola  tr. 
Pressing  asunder— Arg.  n,;    Asaf,;    Aur.;    Bry.;    Cim.: 

Coral,;    Eriod,;     Fagap.;    Prua,  sp.;  PtfL;    Stroal 
Prasslng»  dull,  as  from  weight — Alumen;    Cact.;  Carbo 

v.;     Cim.;     Eup.    perf,;      Lack.:     Menyanth. t    Op 

PetroL;    PhelL;     Phos,  ac.;    Sep.;    Sul, 
Pres Sine  In  small  spots — Ign.;    Kali  hick.;   Plat.;  Puth 
sailftlng,   shoo  tins,    stlnsln^t   tearing— .4  fan,;     Apis. 

Am.;      Ars.:      BetL:      Ced.;      Cim.;      Cinch,;     Coll 

Iritii    Lace:     Prun.  ip.;    Sil,;    Vinca, 
ShoolE  (electric)  like,  stabbing— Apis ;  Ast.;  B^U..  Can 

ind.;  Cic. ;  Gocc;  tP/ort.,-  Sang.;   Sep.;  Ta.h,,  Zinc  ^ 
fltltchlngf  stIclilng—Acon.;     Arn.;     Ars,;     Bry.;    Can 

ind.;  Caps  ;  KaU  t.;  NiccoL;  Puis.;  Tar.  b. 
Stupefying^ A rg.  n.;  Se/r,-  Bry.;  Senec;  Staph- 
ThrobblngT    beating,    hanuueting,    p^tlsAttng— ,^t2 

Amyl;    Arg*    n,;     BelL;     Bry,;     Caqt.;      Caa.    mil 

Caps.;    Chin,  ars.;    Cim.;    Ctnch,;   Eup.  perf,:   Ferr. 

m.;    Furr.  p.;    Gl&n.i    Hyper,;    Lacd.;    MelLi 


Ver.  V. 


PauLi     Sil,;    Spig.;    SuL;    Toil 


701- 


Chn., 


CONCOMITANTS  — Aiiinil«li»  an^ety — Aeon.;    Are; 
Arterial    excUcmieiit,    teixsl&ti — Acon^     Bttt.- 

Poth,;    Usnea;      Wr.  v. 
ChlUitleas — Ars.;    Cainph.:    Lact.  v.;    Mang.  m.;,   Sang- 
Coldnesa  of  hands  and  feet — Cak.  c*;    Ferr.  ja.i    Lach.; 

Msnyanth:     Sep, 
Coldness  Ijciback  and  occiput— Bcrb,  v. 
CoidnesE  In  head — Calc.  ac. 
Colic — Cocc 
Constipation — Alum.;     Bry.;  Euofiym:    Hydr.-    Lac  d. 

NiccoL;     Nux  v.;    Plurab.  m^ 
Cor7Ba^Caraph, 
Cough — Am . ;    Caps. 
Dlarriioca— Pod.^    Ver.  a. 
Drowsiness — AiL;     Ant*    t.;      Branca;     CheL;      Dub.; 

Geli.;    Indium;    Lept,;  Myr.;    Stellar.  i     > 

Ears,  biimlns — Rhi^g  t. 
Ears,  deafneia— Ctinin.  &. 
Ears,  pain — Antipy-r.;    San^. 
EatSj  Toarlns  ill — Aur;    Ckinin.  s.;    Cinnk.;    Ferr.  m  ; 

Sang.;    Sulphon. 
Empty  feeling  in  stomach — Ign,;    Kali  p.;    5*^. 
Bxcltement,  emotional — Pal.  PaU. 
Ezcltementf  sexual  -Apis. 
Exhaustion,  astlieuia — Ars.;    Aur.  br,;    Cinch.,     Gth. 

Ign.;    Indium;    Lac  d.;    Lob.  infl.i    Samj?.;    SuL 
Eyes,  Tlsual  disturbances,  or  bUndneis,  precede  or 

attend— A  nhal.;     BelL;     CycL;     Gels.;    Ign,;     Iru; 

Kali    hick,;       Nat.    w.;      Niccol. :      Nux    v,;      Pad. 

Sang.:  Sil.;  Tker.;  Zinc.  », 
Eyes,  enlarged  feeling— Arg.  n. 
Byes,  heaviness  of — Alut. 

Ey  e  B ,  heaTlne  b  s  ol,  and  lids — G  els ,  ^^ 

Eyes,  Injection  ot—BelL;    Mdi;    Nux  v.  ^^H 

Eyes,  lachrymatlon  of— Spig.;    T&xiis,  lH 

Eyes,    soreness,   pain — C«m.;     Eup,    ferf.-     Homerus; 

Myr.;    PhelL:    ScuUL 
VlBton  returns  as  headache  eomes  on — Ird;    Lac  d.; 

Nat-  m. 
Face,    flush.ed,   hot— Anon.,-     Amyl;      BetL-     Ferr-    p,; 

Glon.;    Meii,;    Nat,  m..  Mux  v.;    Pod.;    Sang. 
Face  pale — Aeon,;    Calc,  c,,-    Cinch. ^    Ij?n,;    L<tchi;    Kat. 

m.;    Spig*;     V^r.  a. 
Falntnest— Vcr,  a. 


r 


Carh^  V, 

—Aloe; 

Ar«.; 

Brr. 

Nux  Vt* 

Pod/: 

PuU. 

J09^  R£P£RTQRf 

Ferer — Acon.i    Bell.;    Ferr-  p, 
n»tulraice— Asclcp.  t.\    Calc.  p.. 

Can.ind,;    Carbo  v.;    Cinch. 
Head  DOddlng — Lamium, 
Head  retracted — Bell, 
Hearths  action  labored — LyCD^ys. 
Semorrhoids — Nt^x  v. 
Hunger— An ac. ;     Psor. 
Irritalillltiy— Cham.;    Iijn.:    Nux  v. 
l*lveJ-dl<turliaiioe— JukL  c;    Lepi.;    Nux  v. 
Mental  deprestion,  deapondeucy— .4rf.  n.-    Aur.;  i|if.. 

Iris:    Plumb,  m.;    5arM,,'    Sep. 
Mental  wealizneaa — ^Ar|r.  n^ 
Muscular  Eoreneis — Gels.;    Rhtis  t. 
Kails ea — Aloe:    Ant.  c;   Are.:    Bry.;    Cocc:   Ip&c:  /ritr 

Lab,  inS.;    Lob*  purp*;    Naja;    Puis.;    Sang,;   Stp*; 

Tab. 
No  se  Ijl  eed —A  nt .  c. :    H  atrt  * :    MdL 
Nose*  dry*  neur&lcl^^— Hule. 
Nuxnbn  ess — CI  i  e  1 . 
OcGlpltal  soreaesA — dm. 
OverseniltlVKieii — Ars. :     EmU.;     Chum.;     Co#.:    f«ft  r 

.Vuy  v.;    Sil.;    Tela  ar. 
Paint  In  abdomen— Cina;    Col.:    Ver,  a. 
Palpitation — S  piK. 

Polyuria^  As  cl  e  p.  e.  ;    Ceia . ;    /ff  H .  .■    La  c  ii , 
Ptyalism— Fegus :    Iris, 
Besplratpry  afTecttons — Lactuca  v, 
EeBtlessnesS — Ars.;     Helleb.;     Pyr. ;     Spig, 
Scalp,  bruised  feeling— jEbc;    Cinch,;    Coi. 
51eepies5iie»s — Caff.;    Indium:    Zinc.  v. 
SpasmcMllc  symptoms— I  j^n. 
Temporal  reins  engorged — Carls.;   Gels. 
Tongue  coatedi  letor  oHb»  etc— C ale,  acet.;    Csn!.  ml 

EuonyiTi.;    GymnocL;   Puis. 
Trembling  all  over — Bor. 
Vertigo — Agrcks t , ;  Bry.  i  Chiniti,  s , ;  C4nc h , ;  C&cc. ;  Gek^ ; 

Lept.;   Lob.  purp.;  Nux  ik;  Pod.;  Sep.;   Sui. 
YOmltlng — Ats.;     Bry*;     Cocc;     Ciiich,;     I  pee.;    Mi. 

Lob,  infl,;     Nux  v.;     Puis.:    Sang.;    Sep.;     Ver.  i.^ 

Zinc.  &. 
MOD AliIT  lES — Aggrava t i  on :   After  drugging  r    X  «  ^  v. 
Aftftrmidnlglit— Ferr.  m. 


BKAO 


703 


Bry.;     Cact.;      Gels,;j 


^Afternoon — An^nili,:    Bad.;    BwlL:    Lob.  mfl. 
Air  OlWin — Art.i  Bo  v.;  Brauca;  Cincli*;  Coff.;  Mag.  m. 
Aocer-^Niix  v, 

Avceodln^ — Ant.  c:    Bell.;    Ca/r,  f,,    Conv.;    Meityaw*^.  ] 
Attetitloi^  cloie^Ign. 
AwaJdnff  from  ileep — Luch. 
Bettlne  tllli«— AnhaL 
Bmdine  b ead  forward — B«1L :    Cob . 
Cold,  draft  ol  air— .4 f*,,    Cfncft,;   Ferr.  p.:   Ign.^   Rhod. 
Contact,    tOUCll--^W/.;      Cinch.-      FetT.    p.;      Rht»_t^ 

Tar  h. 
CqII«« — I«n,^    Nux 
Coui^Mnf — Aeon,;     Arn.;     ^e/I.;     Bfy,;     Cap*,;    CarE 

v.;    Nat*  ra.s    Nux  v.,    Phos.:    Sep<;    Bul. 
Drintojig  mlllE— Brom, 
Biting— Am,  ^      Ap*.;      Atrop.; 

Ign,;    Lach.;    Lye;     ATntx  u. 
lenion,  iQ.eELt&l  or  phjtl cal —  A  na f . ,-    Arg.n.i   E plph . ; 

Gels.;    Nat.  c;     ,V«s  r.;    phos.;    Pi£t.  ac:   Sil. 
Bv«ralll«— Aur.;    Caufit.i    Ce^ra:    Kalis.;    P«i*.;    Thlapst 
Bawldxig — Conv. 
Jir,  misstep,  etfl.—Alfie;   BwlL;   Bry,;   Femp.;    (7fpff.; 

SpiK-:    Thftr. 

^lI«ft  ilde — Anac;     BTt>m.;     Chin,  s.;     Epiph.;     Loch.; 
NiccoL;    Oreodapb.;    Paral,;    Sapoa. ;    StH4£.:   Sep  ; 
Spig.;   Thuya. 
'Ught—BgiL;   Ferr.;    Lac  d. ;    I  go,; 

SiL 
LyfBC   down— firfl.;     Bo  v.;      CoL; 

Glon.;    Lyc;    Sang. 
I*jlBff  on  back  of  bead — Ciscc. 
I,7lj]f  on  patnXuJ  side — Sep. 
MenSftS — Croc;    Lac  d.;     I^al^  ff**; 
Horning — Msc;  Alum,;     Am.   tn.; 

m.;     NiccoL:     Nnx  v  ;     Pod.: 
HoTiUiis    on    awalditff,    openlos 
Graphj^     Nat.   rp-;      A'mje  v^' 


N H X  V. ;   O reodapb. ;  l 


Hep.!     JV^tti- 


Motlozu  walking — Acop.; 
Ign-T  Lach.:  Mag.  it 
t.;    S\i.;    Spig.:    StAnn. 

JfotiOQ  ol  ermt—Bry^;    CoL 

Muscular  strain— Cal<:>  c 
_3fMr0a  *Xos — Co  ff. 


S«p. 
:    CycL: 
Stella  n 
eyes^Bov.;      Bi^.; 
Onosm.;    Strych. 


B0U.;     Bry.; 
v-t    Pboa.  ac 


Rhus 


Cupr.  iti.;    Itrn.:     Nm*  ti.; 


7«4 


REPERTORY 


Strych. 
Coflf.j      Ferr-    p^; 

Nitx  u.;    Tar.  h. 


Plitw. 


Night— .4 Mf.;    Bov,;    Merc,  d.; 
IfplseS — Acon,j     Ai^.'.      B^U.; 

Lac  d.;    Lachn.;    Nit.  ac; 
Noan — Chin.  s. 
IfOR«ble«d —  Aniyl^    Ant.c. 
Objecta^  brlgtit — Bell.;     Oreodaph 

5iL 
Odors — Cnff, ;     Ign.;     SAltn, 
Presaure  —  Diosc;    Nat.  ars.;    Sil. 
Biding,  In  cars — Cocc;    Ka5i  c. 
Right  sidB—BslL;    Bry.:     Cort.;     CAtfZ./    Crot*; 

Triii    /-yc.,'    MeK.;    S^tng.;   Taxus, 
Blstag  tn  b^ — ^ry.;    Cocc. 
Stimulants,  abuse  of — Ign. ;    Nux  v. 
Stool  —  Aloe;    Isn.:    Ox.  ac. 
Stooping — Aeon.;    BmIL;    Bry.^   Ign.;    Nu$FV.r   Rbtis  v. 

Sep, ;    Sil.  1    Spis-:    Sttl. 
Sun— irffiL.-    Gda.j     6^fD»,;    Laeh-:     iVar.  c:    Ntm  v,; 

Selcn. 
Talking — Cact,:   Uez. 

Tobacco— Carb.  ac  ;     Hep.;    IgH.;    Lob.  infl.;    Nat.  iis 
Warmth   In   general — Aloe;     Bry.;     C^pa^     Bupbrni^ 

Glon.;     Fiyper,;    Led.;    NiccoL;     Puis.;    Sep, 
Water,  sight  of— Lyasin. 
Weather   changes — Calc.   p.;     Dnic:     Guaiac;     Phi. 

Psor.;    Rhod. 
Wine — Rhod.;    Zinc. 
Working  in  black— Ced. 
AMEL 10  EATI  ON— After  rt  sing  r    K  a)  j  p . 
Bending  head  backward— i?^i/. 
Cloilng  eyeK — Ant.  t.;    BelL 
Cold    in    general— Aloe;     Ars.;     Bism.;     C^pa:     Lye,^ 

Poth. ;    PuU.;   Spig. 
Dark  room— Sang. 
Eating  — Alnm.;     Anac;      Apium    gr.;      Carls.:      Ch*l 

Kali  1  . :    Lt^jf^  c;    Psor, 
Holding  handfi  near  head— Su!.  ac  ^ 

Lying -^ry.;      Cinch. t     Ferr.;     Gels.;     Glon.;     Lach, 

Fhos,  ac;    Sang.;    Sil.:    Tlier. 
Lying  on  painful  side— Calc.  ar&.:    I&n. 
Lying  on  painful  ilde  with  head  high--  BHL*  Gels^ 
Lying  on  painful  side  with  head  low— Alasinth. ; 
Menses,  during— Cep a;    Lach.;  AfWf .-  Zinc,  m, 
JfcfentaJ  exertion— H do n.;    Pier,  ac 


;     Fhyti 

4 


HEAD 


JO^ 


Uodon.  B:entle—  Kali  p, ;     Puh.  ^ . ,  i y^r,  it -^ 

Nosebleed — Bulo;  Ferr.  p*r  Mae.  s.^  Meh,;  Psor. 
Partially  closing  cyea — ^la£;  C occinfel,,  Oreo dap^ 
Polyuria— Aeon.;    Gels.;    Isn.;    Fhos.  as,;    SiL:    Ver,  a, 

Gels.;     Ign.:    Lac   d.;     Meiiyanth;     Nux  v.}     Fmis,; 

Thuya, 
B*lilu€  liead— S  uJ  pho  n* 
Rest,  auiet — BeU.;     Bry.;    Gels.;    Lith.  t.;     Menyanth; 

O r CO d a ph,;    Sang. 
Semi -erect  posture— Hell. 
Sleep— Cnecinel;    Sitng. 
SUmulaiitfi — G  £  1^ . 
Btool  SJid  expellLDg  flatUi— jEth. 
Btooplng  —  C  i  rt  a ;     Me  ny  ant  h . 
lea—  Carb.  ac. 

Thjakliig  of  pfttn— Camph, ;    Helon.;    Os,  ac, 
Turning  head  forward^ Ign. 
Uncovering  bead — Glon. 
Wanntli  In  genera.1— Am.  c. ;    Cinch.;    CoL;    Mag.  p.; 

PiiDs.^    Sii. 
Wrapping  or  bandaging  tlglJtly— Agar,;   Api^;  Arg.n,; 

Glun.;    Ign.;      Lac   d.;     Mag.  ra. ;     Pitf.  flc;     Puls^; 

SiL;      St  runt. 

STD BO CEPHAI.XJ8— (acute   and    obrcNcilc;  Hydro oaplia- 

lold)  ^      Apit;     Apoc^;      Axe.    n;     Ars.i      Bac;      BelL; 

Bry.;    Calc.  c;     Calc.  p.;     Carb.   ac. ;    Cinch.;    Cwpr. 

ac;     Dig.;     HetUb.;     lod.;     lodoL;     Ipcc;     Labu^n.; 

OenQthera;     Phos.;     Pod.;     Solan,    n.;    ^ul.^     Tub.; 

Ver.  a.:    Zinc,  br. ;    Zinc,  m.,-    Zinc.  tnur. 

MOTION  AND  POSITION  OF  HEAD— Boring  basic  into 

pillow:    Apii:    Arum;    BelL;    HelUh.;    Fod-:   Zijic.    m. 

Camnot  liold  Iiead  up,  neck  lo  weak^Abrot.;     j^ih*; 

Vtr.  a^ 
Drawn  back,  retracted— A^ur^/  Axt.  v.;   ^fU.;  Cainph. 
naonobr.;    Cxc;  Cur,;    Hydroc.  ac;   Iqdof.;   Morphj 
Sec;     li>r,  t\ 
Motlcin    GOXLStant,    Jerking,    trembling— .^Igaf.;     Ars.; 
Bell.,     Can.  ind.;     Hyoa.;    Lamium;    Op.;    Strtitn.: 
Strycb, 
SCALP — Dandmll   (seborrlicea)  ^    Am.  m.;    Art.;    Bar,  c; 
Branca;      Bry^;      Gruph.;      Hep.;      Hufacl.;     l«d^* 
L^.;      Ka/i  s\;     Nat.    m.;      Pttja.';     S.aT\\c.\    ^M^ 
SuL;    SuL  iad.;    Thuya. 


7o6 


REPERTORY 


ERUPTIONS— Boils:     Anac.i     Ant.  i.;     Catc.   *w*tr,;   Cdc. 
s  ■    Dulc  ;    Hb/i  ;    Jugl.  r.;    ScrophuUj    SiL 
Cnistac   ia.cte&' -Ast^cuR;    Bar.   c;    Calc.  e.-   C^l  i,; 
Cic;    Dale:     Hep,;     Kali  m.:   Lye,/    Merc:    ll«t; 
Pson;    Sep.;    Trifal.'    Viola  tr.:      Vinf:a  m, 

P^^ffjLr    Selen. ;    SuL;    Viola, 
Favus  (porrlgOi  scald  head) — Ars.;     Cah.  mmr.:   Cilc 

so;     Dulc.^    Hep;    Kali    s.:    Si!.;    Sul-t    VtoU  tr. 
OrowtHi^f  tumors,  cxostoies^Ananth. :    CaZc  ^..'  Cttpr 

m.;     Fluor,    ac;     Hecla;     Kali   lodr;     Mffrc,   ph<».i 

Merc. 
HerpBB — Ananth.;    Chrys,;     Oleand.; 
Itching  eruptions ^ — Clem,;    Oteand,; 
Moist»   bumld,    oruptiotis — Cak.    i.; 

Hup.;      Lye;       Merc;      Mta,; 

P&or.;    Rhus  t.;    Sep.;    Staph rp 
MolBt,  behind  ears — Graph.;    Lye, 

Staph.;     Thlap&i 
Molit,  of  margin  of  hair,  nape  of  netaJL^Cient., 

Nat.  m.;     OUand. 
FUca   polonlca— Bar.    c;     Bor.;     Lye.;     Psor.; 

Tub.;      Vinca;    Viola  It. 
Pufitulea  — Arundn;    CUm.:    Tris ;    Jugl.  c. 
Ring -worm    {taenia    capitis) — Ars.;     Bac.i     Cak.  *: 
S^p.;     SuL;      Tf^/nr.;     Tub.    See 


Rkui  L 

Staph.: 

Sul. 

Clem,; 

Cfapk; 

Ohand.: 

Petwi. 

VincQ. 

Oieand.; 

Petrol, 

fly  dr.; 


Sris-, 


Dulc; 


Pbsrt.:    Sanic: 


A  a/*  1 


Chrys.; 

Skin, 
acabwi  omits — Calc,  s.;    Cic.;     Dm/-:.,' 
Scales,   &Tj—Afs^;     Me?..:      A^^?     w.; 

ThlEuspi. 
Spots,  red— Teller. 
Ulcers— .^ee  Tissues 
"Wens   -  Bar.  c;    B^rtz,  ac; 

Phyt. 
HAIE— BHttle,  harah,  Ory: 

Psor.;    Sec-:    Staph.;     Thuya, 
Falling  out   (alopedia) — Alum:     ,4  m..     Aru.ndo;    Cwt" 

v.;     Ftuer.  ac;    Kalic;    Lye;    Mancin.;    l^aL  m- 

Phos.  ac;    Phos,:    Pix  liq,:    S§lfffi,;    Sep^;    Strycf' 

ars,;    Syph.;    Thallium;    Sphingurus;      Viwco. 
Greasy— Bry.;    Merc. 
Grey,  premature  —Lye;    Phos.  at,;    Sec. 
Tangledr  In  bunch  eB—Sof.;     Fluon  ac;     Lye.     F^f 

Vinca. 


Graph.;     Htp. 

Kali  f .;    Plumb.  ib  - 


BcH, 


Itchl^ 


HEAD 


7^7 


Carbo    1?.-   Clem.;    Heracl.;    lodof,;  Jngl,  t-i   Mancin,^ 

Menisp,;   Oleattd,:  Pfaosi,;  Stry-ch.;  SmJ.,  Tfellitr.;   Vtne^. 
Meixralela  Of — .4f£m.;     Cim.;    Rydr. .    Phyl, 
NumbneK*  ol  —  A  c  a  n . ,  A]  u  m ,    Ferr .    br* ;  Cm ph . ;   Petrol , 
IsoEitive  to  toBct^  eomtiiTig — APQ*i.;   Apis;  Am.;  Ars.; 

BfU:   Bpt7.;  Bry,;    Carbo  v.:    Canst,.     C««f A  ;     C^/t,; 

Hrf..     KaH   IjicbL.;    Mdi.,    Merc;    Nat,    m.;    Nux  v,; 

Part*;    StZ.;    Stncl^-;    Sml. 
Iwc&t  ol— Co/f.  f.,    CkQ.m.i   Hdleb  ;  Hep.;  Heriid.;  M*g. 

m.  ■     Pcid-;     i^#8#M;    S&ai^. ,    Sil. 
fauSOD     Oil  —  Ar£»it  ;     Am.,     Asar..      Bapt,;     C^setltL; 

C  a  -us  t .  ■.    1  n5  ;    Mrrc. ;     Pa  n"jr ;    Sel  en.;    fitic  ta ;     Viffia . 
8EKSAT10HS— As  It  ft  bftlL  Aimlr  lodged  In  foreHead: 

Staph. 

Ai  If  bnin  were  loose,  m  tofebead*  CftUUss  lat«r4ll?— 

Bell.,    Rhus  t.;    Sul.  ac. 
.    At  tf  liAlr  were  pulled,  on  Tftrtar— A£^j*»..     Arg.   «.; 

Kali  n. ;    Maiy.t-     i^JiPf, 
Af  if  top  wmild Hj  OS — AcoE.;    Can.ind.;   Cim-.;  Syph.; 

VJsc^  a.;    Yucca. 
Bewildered,   ^onfiued.   stupids  IZLtozloailed   fealkic^ 

Ai].;  Api&;  Aran.;  Atu.:  Bapt.;  Bell.;  Br>\:  AbHvuk.; 

Can.  ind.;    Carbo  v%;    Cocc, ;    Gfh.;    Glon,;    HeUeb.; 

MTat.  c;     Nax  t,;    Phcs.;     Ph^s.  ac.;    Xcfop^iyl, 
Bruised,  lore  feelllic,  Of  brmln—Arg   m.i    /ln#.r   Bapt.; 

BelliM;    Bav. ;    Eupion.      S«e  Headache. 
Bumlne,  heat^ — Aeon.;     Alumefi;     Apis;     Am.;     Ar»^; 

Ast.;    Bell;    Canth.j    Nux  v.;     PA^*.;   ZiRt* 
Bumiti^  on  vertex — Cupr.s.;    Daphne;    Graph.;   tfelon; 

Lack  ;    Rhus  t.;    SuL 
BuTitlns — Acpn.:   Am.  n.:    Bwli.;    Bry;   Cups.:  Cinob,; 

Cocaine:;    Pormicia;     Geh.;    Glott. 
ColdXiest — Agar.;     Ar^,;     Cafe,   c;     Calo.    p,;     Holod.; 

Laur, ;    !^at,  m*;    Sep^;      Vtr,  a^ 
'     Coldness  in  oeaiput — Berb.  v.;  Di]li!.;    Ferrula   Helnd.; 

Crawling,   ronnicatlon^j4co^,;    Calc.  e. ;    Rati.   rep. 
CompreEsed,  in viqe^^4nac.;    Aiitipyr;   Berb.  v.;   €a^.; 

Can,    ind.;     Garb,    ac*;     Cim.;      Eiip+    perf.E     Gels. 

See  Headache. 
EmptinesSi     boUownesi — Arg.     m.;      Caupt.;       CfKc; 

C upr,    a c. ;     C upr.    m , ;     G rELtiat . ;     ( f h  . ,      ftAt^^cAxv. v 

Zmc,  i 


I 


7o8 


REPERTORY 


I 


Enlarged,    fulU    expanded    feelini:  —  Ac&n       Arg^   o^t 

Bapt.;      BelL:     Bov\;     Bry.;     Cim.;      Gehj     Glm: 

Lachn.;   Meli,;  Nuxv.;    Oxtyr,;     Rhus   L^    Dsaeft; 

Vsr.  V. 

Qnawlns  in  spot ^ Ran.  s. 

Heaviness — Aeon.-    Agar,;     Am.;     Apis;     Bapit    C*le. 

c.\    Cim.;    Gsli.;    Op^;    Rhus  t.      See  Hcadaebe^ 
UglLtnGis— Abies  c;    Hyos,-;    JtteL  c;    Mancmn;    Nftt 

an.;    Nat.  chlor. 
Looseness  Of  brain — Am.  c;   Ars.s    Bell.;    Bry,:   Hyta; 

Kalic:    Rhus  t.;   Sprg.:    Sul.  ac:    SuL 
Numbness — Alum.;    Bapt,-   Graph.;    Kali  hr.:    Oleand.; 

Pnris;    PetroLt     Plat. 
Opening  and  Ehuttlns — Can.  ind,;    Cim.^  Cncf>.;  hitt^ 
Tl red  f e ellng  —  .4  /■  i jr ,    Am.;   C hi n,  at^ , ;   Co n. ;    Pkm . 
UndUiatFlng.    surging,  waveUke— Ac(^i*.;     Aur.;     Btll, 
Canth.;      Chin.    ^.;      Cim.i      Ctnck.;     Hep.;      HytS-, 
Lac  1 1.;     -l/fH.;    PalLi    Senec-:    Sul. 
YEBTIGO — 0iE^m«Bs:    Remedies  In  general!    Absintli.. 
AcuH.;       Ajt^i^ar.;       Alum.t     Ambra;       Ant.     ct      Apis; 
Apomorphi     .4fg.   w.;     Ars.  iod.,     Aur.  mur. ;    Bapt.. 
BetL;    Bisin.;    Bor.;    SrjF.,'    Coic.  or.    Can,  in4i   Cirfa. 
ac, :    Carbo   v,;     Chenop,;     C*hh,  j^,'     Cinch.;     Cmi 
Con.:     Dig.;     Eup,   perL;     Ferr.  ra,;     Portna,L;    <JftVn 
Glbn. ;    Grax^t.:   Hydrocac;   lod.:   Kalic,;   Labum-i 
Lach^;     LupuLr    Morrth,1     Nat.  aal,;      JVwjif  v,;    Op.: 
Petrol.;     Phog.:     Pdd. ;     Sal.  ac;     SeHfec;     Sep.;    Sil 
Stront.;   Strych.;   SuL;    Ta^,-  Tar.  h.:   Ther.;  Wyeitt 
CAUSE    ASB    TYPE— Anemia    of   brain;     Dig.;     Ftn. 
Hydroc.  ac 
Cerebral  origin  — Ct>rr,,    Gels.;    Sulphon,,^    Tab. 
Congestion  ol  brain  — Am.:    BelL:    Cinch,;    lod.;    Nu» 

v.;    .S"h/. 

Gastro-enterle  derartgem^ent — Bry.,-     Ipec;     Kali  c* 

Hy  5  terl  cal  —  A  .^  ^j/  . ,    1  j^  n . :    Vat . 

Labyrinthlc  origin  (Manlere*»  dti ease)— Carbon  s. 
Chetiop.;  Chin,  s.;  Cinch.;  Coti:;  Ferr.  p,;  CeH : 
Hydrobr.  ac;  Kaliiod. ;  iVoJf,  #0!.,-  Piloc, ;  Saif  rf^r^ 
Stl,;     Tab.;     Ther, 

Mal-de*mer  -Cot^^fr./    PetroU 

Mental  exertion — Arg.  n,,-   Nat.  e  :    Nux  v 

Nervous  origin — Ambra;    Afg*  n.i    Nux  v  :     I'ha*, 

Nol$e^—NMi^  v.;    Ther. 


HEAD 


7«>Q 


OM  MM^  CiCaile  OliftK^ei)— Ainbra  t    An.    iod,;    Betlia: 

Con.:  Dig. J  lod.;  Op.;   Pfefl«./   Sul. 
Ol»eii  »lr — Cftlc,  ae,;   Canih,;   Cycl.:    N"ux  v, 
Optlo&l  disturbance  I— Con;    Gsh  ;   PHoc 
C€17BE£NCE  -Begionliig  in  naps  of  ii«ckr  of  ocelputt 

GeU.:    Ilitri?-:    i'etroL;   Sil. 
When  aiociiwlUig  italrt — At*,  hydr.;  Catc,  c. 
When  Glotlng  eyei— Api^;   Lacb.;    Tk^w.;  Thuya. 
Wliffl]  desGcnding  stairs^ Bar;   F(*rr,:   Meph,:   Sa«l<?. 
When  cntertiig  warm  roetm— Ar^.;  !&d.;  Plat.;  Tab. 
When  frlg^htened— Op. 
Wlien  tn  high  cetnnged  room^C^ipr.  ac, 
Wlicn  looklDg  at  ruimlng  waler— Arg.  m.;  Brom.;  V#r. 
When  looking  at  colored  Ught^Ars.  v. 
When  lo<iklng  down — Bor.;   Oleand.'.   KaL:  Spig^ 
When    looking    up-— Calci    Chin,    ar*,^    Gtanat.;     Kali 

P,;    PuU.:  Sil 
When  riding  in  carriage — Cocc;  Hep. 
When  rising  from  bed.  or  ohalr — Ai;o'R..;  BdL:    Bry.; 

Can.  ind  :  Coec,  Nat.  %tiL:   Peti-oL;    Phos.:    Rhtis  t. 
When  nilng  in  morning —Alum.:  ^r  3/,;    Jacar;    Lach.; 

A" MS  I'm    PorJ- 
When  shaking  or  turning  head — Aeon.;   Calc,  c;    Con,\ 

Hpp,,     Ki:ili  €  1     McTph.;    Nat.  «rs. 
When  turning  head  to  left  — Col.;    Con. 
Whem  standing  with  eyes  cloied— Lathy r, 
^Wlifii  ItoopUV-— .4rtfii.;    Bar*  c.t     lod,;      K"oJ.;     Orco- 

daph.;    S^L 
When  turning  eyet— Cos. 
When   turning  head — Calc.   c;     Con,;    CoL;     Kali  c; 

^forph.;    Nat.  ars. 
When  turning  In  bed — BclL;    Ct^n, 
When  walking,  moTing  atKnit-^Adon.;    Btll;    Caust.; 

Dit^  ;     fJV/«.,-     Lach.:     Nux  tn.;     Oreodaph*;     Th^w. 
Wh«i  walking  In  open  air — Dros.;    Nust  %•. 
When  walking  oTer  hrltj^e  or  water — Ferr.;    Lyssin.* 
OKC  OMIT  ANTS— Bu£Zlng.    tinnltui:     Arg,    ti.;     Carbo 

v.-     Ck\H.  ».;    Gila.;    Pier,  ac;    5/fyc*i.;    Val 
Deathly  pallor— Tab. 

Debility,  prostration  — Am  bra;    Arg.  n.i    Bap  I.;    Echm. 
HVm    Villon,    diplopia,    etc, — Are.    ml     G«li<;     Val,; 

Vinija. 
Fainting*    uneoniclouBniif — Alei.,     Bet\).    v%     Bt^., 


710 


REPERTORY 


Gaatraigla*  and  Bpaanis— Cic. 

Headache  -  Agnjst , ;    Apis. 

Intoxicated  JeEltng — Abiea  c;  Arg.   m,;:     Cou.:    GtU,i 

A-  H  .r  1=-. ;    O  ri . ;    O  x  t  y  r , ;    Petrol. 
Liver  disturbance — Chel, 
Nauve^T    vomltiliifi — Acod,;      Ery.:      Cone:     Euotiyni.. 

Kalihich.:    PelroL:    Piloc;     Pod^;    StrantM    Tb" 
Nervoui  phenoineiia — Am  bra;     Gtlw.:    Ign,;    Phos, 
No&ebleed — Carbo  an. 
Opl  a  thotonos — Ci  c . 

Fal]>ltatlon»  heart  symptoms — Cact. ;    Dig.;    Spig. 
Pressure  at  root  of  noi« — Bapt. 
Kelief  from  cloain^  eyes-  -LoL 
Relief  from  food— Alum. 

Belief  from  lying  dOTffii — Apis;    Ath^m, i    Aur. ;   Ct^^- 
Kelief  from  nosebleed-  •  Brom. 
Rellel  from  warmtb  of  bed — Sih 
Belief  from  w^lktn^  in  open  air — Am.  m.;    K^U  e.. 

Pul^. 

With  staggering,  tremblinfip  weakness— Crot.;    FbcG- 

With    tendency    to    fall    backward^. 4 &Wnllt.;    Bdl.; 

Bry.;     Kail  n. 
With  t enden cy  to  f aU  forward—  Al  nm.:  Bry. ;  Card .  m. . 

Chel;     Etaps;     Gnarea;     PelrqL;      Pcd.i     Strata-; 

Vib.  op. 
Wltii   tettdeoicy   to   fall   to   left— Aur.:     Bdl.;    Can.. 

Droa.,    Eup.  perf.:    Itid.;    Sal.  ac;    Stram.;    Zjtic 
With  tendency  to  fall  to  right— H el od..    Kali  q. 


EYES 


hep., 


Sil. 


D WS — Warty  growths  on:    A n a jt t h . 

ITHI   (anelea)-  Itching,   sm&rttE^t  Fluor^  ac; 

Niix  V.'    Teuti'.:    Zittc.  w. 
ore,   raw,  ftisured — Ani.   c;     Graph.;     Petrol. 

^taph,i    'Line,  m+ 
wollen,  red— Aefar. ;    Arg.  «.;   Zint!.  m. 
rABACT— Arg,     a'od.;     Calc,     c:      Calc.    ft,;    Can. '^.; 
Cinet.;    Con,:     EupbrHs,;     Kali    jnr.     Led.:      Naph.; 
Cattxt.;     Pkox.:     Platan.;     Pub.;     Oil«*ft.;     SR,-     Stil.; 
Tcllur,-   Thiosinam. 
tiaitib«n  witertorr  pus  tn— Hep.;   ^!,  ■" 
9B0IDAI.— c<m£e8tlon:   Rbod.:    Ruta;    SantoH, 
hQrold&l,  detachment-   Aeon. ;    Am,:    Nux  v. 
fhoroldal,  extraTasatlon— Hnm. 
DBOtDITIS— OhoroldaU  Inflammation. 
atrophic  —  NujL  v.T    Phoii.-     P4ioc, 
^iiBdOlimted  and  simple — Ars.;     BtJL;     Gds. 
lo^.;    Merc,  c;    Mere,  i  r.T    Phos.;     Pr«n.  .ip,; 
ton  ;    Tab.;    Thuya, 
ippurative — Hep.:    Rhus  t. 
appuratlve,  with  Iris  liivolvem.ent-  Kali  iod.; 

sp.;    Sil. 
uppuratlve,  wttii  retinal  liiTOlT«!m«!tLt  {syphilitic) — 

A\%r,:     Kti liiod  :    K a  1  i  m , ;    M e r o .  c . ;    Mgrc ,  f\  r. 
lABY  MUSCLE  —accommodation  dliturljedT  Ruta. 
Ulary  muscle,  paretic  condition  ot-^Arg.  m,;  Atre^r-f 

Cd^  ;   Paris  i    Physast.  ■ 

lUary  muscle*     »:^sm   ol— Escf-    Jabop  ;    phritoti,; 

Filoc. 

.lABY    KEFKALaiA  —  Ars,:    C*J.;    Ch«J,;     Chenop.; 
O PK  ,  Cincli;  ruTWt/6,;  Cdl.rCom*flGcl.r  Cfot,  t  :  Cth^; 
Paris  i  Plant.;  Phos.;   Prnit.  ^p  :  Rhud.;  Sapon.;  Spig. 
See  Pain. 
fJY?HCTITA--CllfllttOlU:    A^;   Gcrifea:    Bcfrd    Kuti 
iod.;    Eh  us  t,;    SuL  ac. ;      VfJtpti* 


Kali 


Prun. 


714 


RKFERTOltY 


DuU. 


Ham, 


DlEClmrge  ttvm,  i,crld — Aj^.;    Ettphrat,;    M^i.:  Psot. 
DUcli&iee  from  oleftT  mucus — Ipec.^    Kali  m. 
Discharge  creaiuy,  'pwofuze^  Arg.  «.;    CaU,  i. 

Hep.:     Xcit.  p.:    PuU.;    Rhu5  t. 
Dlscliarge  from  ropy ^ Kali  bich. 
Bcchymoaea   and  Injuries   ol — Aeon.;     Afu., 

Led.i    Nmx  v. 
Foreign  bodlfci,  Irritation  from— Aeon. 
Granulations,  blister  or  wart  like — Thuy^., 
Hyperemia   ol — j4c^h  ;     Ars.:     BtlL;    Ipeo-;     A'**  Im 
RhijR  t,-    SuL;     Tkftya. 
CONJUKGTIVITIS— Inflammation   of:    Acute  and  ful}^ 
acute  catarrlial:  /1<^c7r,,    Apk;    Ar?.  n«;    An.t    B^'^'r 
Canth.;     Dtab.;     Dulci      Euf'^ros.,-      Quarea;     Htp : 
Kali    m.;      Aftfrc.;      PviJs.;      Rbtis    t, ;      Sul.:     Dpis. 
Ghronlo — Alum.;    Ani.  t.;   Arg.  n.;    Ara.;     j4i*r,    »pi(f. 
Bell,;    Kali  bich.;     Meic.  a.;     P«lff.;    ^wJ.;    Thuya. 
Croupous,    dlptitherltlc — Acet.     ac;      Apis;     Guarea^ 

lod.:     Kali  bich.,     Merc.  cy. 

Follicular  (granular)' — Apis;   Arg,  n.;    Ar&.:    Amp.  irtMf. 

Calc,   iod.t     Crot.   t»;     Jequm;      Kali  bich.:    Puis; 

Jjltwyti;    Zinc.  s. 

OonorrhOBal— -4c£ni.;     Ant,    t-:     Api&:     Arg.  n.;    Cilc 

hypoph,;    Hop.;    Kali  bich^t    Mmfe.;    PmU,;  V«r,  v, 

Gonorrhcsal,  sympatbetlo  form — Atm.    n.;    Eupbv 

Merd.;    Puis.      See  Purulent. 
Phlyctenular — Atit.   t, ;     Cah.   pier.;    Con»;    Euptras.: 

Merc,  c:    Puis.;    Rku^i.;   S^:    SuL 
Purulant — Arg.   n.;     Calc.   iiypoph.;     Hep.;     Mtre.  f , 

Puis.:    Rkmt. 
FaitUlar— -4fi^  (.;    Arg.  n,-    Ats.;    Ar#^..-    Jequir.; 

Merc,  r.;    Merc,  nit,;    Puis,;    Rhus  t. 
Traumatic — Aeon.;     Ar».;     Calend.;      Canth.; 
Led. 
CORNZA— Abscess  of  £   /ftp.;   Sil.;    Sul 
Ectasia— Calc.  p. 
Exudation,  seroui^Apis. 

ForeUrn    bodies    In— .4tGi«.;      Calc.     hypoph.i 
Rhus  t. 
KERATITIS— TntlammatlOP  Of :    Apis;    Ars.;    Amr  m*^- 
Can.  ^.;    Cob.;     Hep.;     Kali  bich.;     M4t€.  (.;    PJi<J* 
Sul 
Herpetic,  vesicular— Afis;    Ait.;  Z^^.^.\  %^'^m 
Ran.  b. 


Ham. 


HfP 


iDteritltl&l  In  persons  of  hereditary  syplillli— Aur.  m.; 

Aur.  mur.;    Can.s.;    Merc,  c 
FarenctLymatmis,  sypMUtlc    origin—  A  ar    f»ur.:    Calc, 

hypoph.'     Kaliiod.;    Kali  m.;    Mercs.;    Std. 
PlUyctenulaT^.4#»tJT;    BelL;    Calc,  p.;    Hep.;    Mtre,  c; 
Puis,:    Syph.:    Thuya. 
Onjnt — Hep. 
Fuitulei    on^AnJ.    c;   Con.;    Crot.   ^;    Hep.;    Kali  iod.; 

Merc,  nit. 
Opacitlei  Ol — Cadm.  s.;  Cakn  c,;  Ca/r.  ^./ Calc.    hypopb.: 

tCattst.;    Can.s.;    Ciner.;    Euphras.i    Kali  bich.iMerc. 
c;    Naph.;  Phos,;  Sil.;    Thiosinam;   Zinc,  s, 
plijloiiiAt    ftfler    suppuF&tlYe    Inflainm&tlcm  —  x4^t«, 
Euphras.;    Ilex. 
ULCERS ^Ars-     n.:     Are,:      Aur,    mur.;     Calc.    c;     Calc. 
hypqph,;    Hep,?    Kali  tick.;   Mere,   c;  Nit^  ac. ;    Rhus 
t.:    StL:    Sul;    Thuya;    Zinc.  m. 
Deep^Kali  bich.:    Msre.  c;    Sil. 
Indoleat— Calc.  c  :    Kati  bich^;   Sil.:    SuL 
Superficial  flat — Asaf.;    Kali  m. 
Vascular — Aur. 
Woundi  oi,  Incised,  lacerated— Staph 
ETE-BALliS — Bad  efitects  frdtn  exposure  to  snowr  Ac^on.; 
Cic. 
Bad  eflecti  from  glare  of  flre — Merc. 
Bumla^,  gmn-ftln^  in — Aeon,;    Art-:    Aur.  mur. :  Bell.; 
Canth,;    C#pd;    Croc:     Ferr.  p.;    Lept.;    Mvtc,  e.; 
Nat.  ars.;    Nat.  ni.:    Phyt,;    Piloc:    Puis,:    Sang.; 
SvL:    Thuya;    Zinc,  m. 
€oldne<s  Of  ^Alum. :    Aaar. :    Plat. 
Coldness,  as  It  wind  blowlse  under  Uds — Crof  ,-  Plunr. 

ac;    K^yph 
DryneMt  heat  of — Ac&n.,    BglL;   Gtat,;    Mirc.cr.    Nat. 

ars.;    Senega  r    St^L  '■ 

Edema  of  oouUr  conjunctiva*  translucent — Api<i. 
Enlargedi    swollen    feeling — Aeon.;      BelL;     Ox.    ac; 
Phos.  ac;     Rhaji  i:    Sarrac:    Svntga:    Spig.;    Trill. 
Eruptions  about — Crot.  t.:    QLtaiac 
Hemorrhage  (Inter -ocular J — Ham.;    Lachn;    Led.;    SuL 

ac;    Su]>rsrt"n.  cxt. 
Heat  In,  and  flickering,  worse  In  damp  weather — Aran. 
Heat  in — JE-ic:     .Meph.;     Ruta;    Sapon. ;    Strycb,;    SuL 
M0mM  Mp  MJid  senfltlFe  to  alr^ — €\em.v  Cot&Y. 


I 


7i6 


RKpEltTOE.Y 


BeaviBeSB  Ol — C^ts,;     Mdi.;    Onoam.;     Pans      Panh 

Sola  n.  lye;    Sul  phdu . 
Injuries    of -^ Aeon.;      Ath.^     Calend.i      Ham.^     Le4 . 

Pbysost.;    Rhm  t.;    SuL  ac;    SymphyL 
Itching  at—As^i-:     Ant.   c;     Aur.  mur.;    Croc.:    Pa^ . 

Gamb.:      Merc:      Puis,;      Rhus    i,;      Scill&i     Sal: 

Zinc.  rn. 
LOOK  AI^PCOlTDmON— Bull:   Act,  c;    Me^c;   OnofiiB. 
Solan,  lye. 
Fixed,    itarlDgi    6ittott9d^BelL;      Can.     ind.t     Ck.: 

CupT.    m^;      Helirb^;     Hyofi.;      Msrpk.;     Oneantisc; 

Op^;    5jram.,-    Strych. 
mazed,  deatlh-llke — Oi>,/     Pho?,    ac.t     2,inti,  m.    Bee 

Face. 
01i«tenmgf  daEEllng,  brllUant — BeiL,'     6ry.;     Cam^tn 

Cupt,  rn.i    Hyos.;    Merc,  c;    Siram. 
Looking  downward* — jEtk.;    Hyas. 
ExophttiabiiUE — Protruding,    "bulging^      BelL;    Ckm., 

Com  mod.:    Fer.    p.;     Lycop.;    Park;      Saa£-    tan..: 

S  a  po  n , ;    Sir  a  m . ;    5  try  ch . ;    Thyr . 
Eed*  blood  shot,  SUflUted^^irflfi.;   JEsiQ.-.     Ail.;     ML 

Cepa;     Cinnab.;     Gets.:     Hatn.;     Hyos.;     Mflrc,  t; 

Morph.;     Riita;     Sitlpbon.;     Sul.  J     Thuy^;    Vcr.  f 
Eed»   Inaamed — Acan.;     Ant    c;     Aoir,    tour.;     B#W.. 

Clem.;    Ferr.  p.;    H^p:    Ipec;    Jac&r.;    RhUfi  t, 
Eed  raw— Crat.  t. 
Bed  with  yellow  vision — Aloe. 
Soiling  downwards  — .^M.;    Hyos. 
Eeliing  in  vertieal  axis— ^*kz.  nii.;   Zinc.  m. 
Boiling  on  falling  asleep — Mth, 
Eolllng  quickly  with  clotftd.  eyee— C^pr,  m* 
Boiling  upwards— Cic;    Helleb.;    Mnr.  ac. 
Sensation  as  if  fat  on  ^es— Paraf. 
Sensation  as  if   sand  or  sticks  In — Ac&».;    Ferr   p.; 

Phyt.;    5ttL/    Xeroph. 
Sensation  as  If  wind  blowing  In  eyes— Fluoit.  &«. 
Squlntliig  to  relieve  pain  m  for«lie»a— Aloe. 
Sunken,  surrounded  W  blue  rings — Ant.  c.^   ApiuP£i^- 

Ats.;    Cinch.;    Cupr.  m.;    Granat.;    Hdleb,*   i^^t"' 

ne.;    Sec.T    Staph.;    Upas;    Vise  a.     See  Face 
fiClffilfia  Of— A^&r.;    Aur.;.     KaL;    Mfrd. 

£^lilJmcdlfiM.ies  ot— jaciT.  i,.\  u&ct.L  a.       .    , 
rrembling  of,   NyfitaeKiski— A^Af.v  B«^%  .ts^Uv  ^^^ 
(^els.;    lod.;    Ka\n  ^od.,   TA^ft.  ^^ 


EYES 


Unable  1H>  keep  ©yes  fixed  st^ullly — Arg.  u. 
Wliites    oil    yellow — Ciiam.;      ChuL;      Cineh.,-     Crot.; 
Plumb.;    Nat.  s.      See  Face, 
EYELIDS  AMD  MARGINS— AgluUnaUon  oil   AM&r,;    Ant 
€.;    Api^;    Arg.  n,;     Hor.,     Graph.;    Kali  c;    M^rc*  i.; 
Nat.  ars.^    Psar,;    i^«/*.,'     Rhus  t.;    Uran. 
Bluenei«  ol— Dig.;    Morph, 
^^to^Bi    Drooping    o(— Alttm,;     Ca«j|.;     Con.;      Dulc; 
^H         C"^ij.;    HiEmat.;     Helod.;     Morph.;    Nux  m.;    Op-i 
^P         Ebus  t,;    Sep.;    Syph 

Dryneti  of—Acpn*;    Alum,;    BelL;    Graph.;     Lith.  c; 

Senega. 
DnmesBp  leaOineii  ol—Ara.;    Thuya. 
Ectropion — ^Api&;    TbicKinam. 
Entropion — Bar.,    Graph.:    Tclhir. 
ERUPTIONS  AND  OBOWTHS— Blisters*  vesicles:    Nat. 
!,.,    J'al^ad.^    Thuya. 
GluLlaz&e,   tarsi.1   tumor t— Ant.    t,i     Cak.   c;     Caiist.; 
C&n.;     Ferr.    pyroph.;     Kali  iod,;     Smph.,-     Timya: 
Zinc.  m. 
Sebacecrtis,    cysts— fi^na.    a^.;      C^lc*    c;      A'ai*    iW.; 

Merc.  &. ;    Staph. 
Eotem&t  flsiurei— Bacn :     Graph.;     Petrol.;    Staph, 
pustules — Ant.  c;    Hep. 
Styes,  Hordeolum^ Apia;     Ct$k.  pu:r,:    Gritpii.*    Hep*; 

Lye:    Puis.;    SiL;    Staph,;    Suh\    Thuyas    Uran, 
Bc^bs,  crustit  lcurf« — Art.;   Gate,  c;    Graph.;    Kali  m.; 

Uleers  —  Arg.   n. :     *4r3.;     Canst.;     L&ppa;     Lye;     Sul, 
See  Tissues. 
TBAGHOMA— Qranular  Udsi    Ars.;    Aur,  mur,.    Cale.  c; 
Diitc;      Euphraa.;     Graph,;      Hep,;     JeiriiiKU     Jfa/i 
hick. I  Kali  m.;    Merc.  per.  j    Nat,  ar^>;    P«Js.;    Thuya; 
Zinc,  fl,  n^t%^     • 

BLEFHAEITIg— Inflamjnatlcmi     Acute:     ^^chv;;  i<4pls: 
Ary.    n.;      Ars.;      Chani-;      Dulc,;      Eupkrt^t.;      Hep.; 
AJers.  pr,   mh.;     Merc,  s.,     PetroL;     Pah.:    Rhus  t.; 
Sul.;    Uran. 
ObroniC— ^Jifw.;    Ant.    c;     Gale,    c;      ^rapii,,*     Htp.; 

Merc,  c;    Petrol.;    Staph,;    Sw/. 
EryslpeUt^fUS— .^i)»f;    BelL;    Mmj  i,,^    Vespa. 
BedlieK*  of— Agar.:    Api&;     Ans.;    J?#JJ.;    Graph.;    JQl 


I 
I 

I 


I 
J 


7l8  REPERTORY 

a£N8Af tONS—Bumliig  aod  imaTtliis  oft  Agar.:    Muhl, 
Apk;     Ars.;     BelV.:     Chani  ;      Euphrai.*     Kali  bicli,3 
Puis.;    Sabad.;    Sul. 
Coldness  of — Pboj^,  ac. 

Bea-vlnesE  Of — G^ls.;     Hf^mat.;    Hclod.      See  Drooping 
It  chine  of,— Agar.:    Calc.  c;     Mofjrh.:     Puh.;    Staph.; 

Stii.j    Tt:lUjr,i    Zinc. 
Rawness   ajid   soreness    Of — Ant.    r.r     Are,    li.t    Are,; 

Graph.;    Hep.:    Merc,  c;    Zinc.      See  Blepharitis. 
Tension,  as  If  cannot  cover  balls  ^Guaiac. 
Tension,  closed  spasmodleallr — Cham.;     Myai.;    Lob^ 

pttrp. 
Spasmodic     ccimdltlon,      twitdiin^:     Biepliarosptim, 
Nictitation:   A^ar.;  Ars.;    Atrop.;  Bell,   Cod:  Gelfi.^ 
Ij^n.;  Ma,^.    p.;  Nicot.:  Physost.;  Puls.i  Stryc'h. 
SwelUns  o  f,  Ed^na — .4  ph:    A  rf . :   A  y  r,  m  u  r, :   Eui^horti 
dr!     Euphras.;    Graphs     Hep,;      Kali  c,;     Merc,  c; 
Nat.  ars.;    Phos.;    Puis.;     Rhus  i. 
TMckenlns  Of — Alum.;    Arg.  n.:    Merc.;  Telliar, 
GLAUCOMA — Ai^on,;      Atrop,  ^      Bell,;      Ced,:      Cocaine; 
CoL;     Eser.;     Geb.;     Qtm.i     Phds.;      Pkyic*i,:    Fran- 
sp.:    Spig.;    Supraren.  ext. 
HYOPION—Crot.t.;    Hep.,^    Mere,;    Plumb,;    Sil. 
IHlDO-CHOBOrDITIS  — Kali  iod.;    Prtin.  sp,;    Stl. 
IBIS— Prolapse  of:    Ant.  s.  a.:    Physost. 
lEITIS — Remedies  In  gen eral :   Aeon.;   Ara  :    B ell , ;  Ced . ; 
Cinnab.;      Cl^m  ;      Dub.;      Euphras.;      Gels.;      Hftp.; 
Kali  bich.-     Kali  iod.;     Merc,  c:     Merc,  s.;     Rhus  t^ 
Spi>j.;    Sul.;    Syph.;    Thuya, 
Plastic — *4(:pii..-     Cinnab.;     Hep.;     Mert.   e,-     Rhta  i; 

Thuya,  '  '  H' 

Rheumatic — Bry.;    Euphras.:    Kali  bleb,!    Ki.1.;    Here 

c;     fikus  L:    Thuya> 
SCTOiis — Ars.;    Bry,;    Ced,:     Giis,;     Merc;    Spig. 
Syphllltlc—Asftr. :     Attr.:     Cinnab;    Clera.;      itoliTWfr 
Mete.  c,r     Merc,  cy  ;     Merc.   i.   fl.;      Nvt.  ae,;    S«l,; 
Thuya, 
Traumatic — Aeon.;    /lr«.;    Bell;    Ham, 
Tuberculous — Ar$.:    Kali  bich  ;    SuL:    Tub, 
LAGHRYMAL  SAC^BlenoTrhoea  of:     Ant.   t,;     CaJcnd,. 
Hep.;    Mtffc.d.;    Nat.m.;    Petrol.;    Piji*.;   SILt  S*iiTtti^ 
Oacryo-oystltli— W^Tp  ;     Merc.;    Puis.:    S'^.r    Stinfl, 
Duct  closedt  from  ooId»  ex|iosur«^Calc.  c. 


EYES  719 

Duct  Stricture — Nat.  va. 

Duct,  iWoUen — Graph*;   Sil. 

Epiphora — Cak*  c:  Graph.;  Hep*;  Merc,  pet*:  Metn.  5.; 

,  \'at.  Ml.;  Scilla.:  Sil.;  Tgngo.      §ee  Lachry  mation. 

FStula  lactiTjilialls — Calc,  c:  Canst.;  Ftnor,  ac; 
Merc,  c;  Nit.  ac;  Physt.;  5*L,  Stann.i  Siil- 
HBTMATION — ^Acon.;  Antipyn;  Apis;  Ars.;  Cepa; 
Con.i  Eugen.  j.;  EM.pkfas.;  Guarea;  Ipec;  JCflit 
iod.;  MerCr  c:  Mer.  per.:  Merc,  s^;  Nat,  m.;  Phyt.; 
Puis,;  Rhus  t.-  Sabad.;  Scilla;  Siaccin*;  SuJ. 
Acrtd»  bumlngr  hot — Apis;    Ars,;    Eugen.  j.;    Etiphra^,; 

Kali  iod.;    Kreos.i    Mtrc.  c.j    Nat,  m, ;    Rku$  i. 
Blmnd — Cepa :    Puis. 
M  ODAI.it  LES  -  E«lief  in  open  air :   Ci^  p  a , 
Worse  at  night— Apis. 
Worse  Jrom  cold  application — Same 
Worse  itam  couglliiig  —  Euphras.;     Nat, 
Worse  from  eating-  Ol.  an. 
Worse  from  foreign  iKNlieB  In  eyes,  cold  wind,  leflec- 

tioa  from  snow — Aeon. 
Worse  In  morning,  early — C&lc.  c. 
Worse  kn  opeja  air — Calc.  c;    Sanic. 
I^A  G  O  P  HT  HAUM  08  —  P  >i  y  5  OS  t. 
MBIBOMIAN     GLANDB—Swollen:       .'Eth.:       Hep.     See 

I  Blepharitis. 

OCtn^AB  Mt78CI«£S— oontraoted  Bpasmodically:    Agar,; 
I  Phy&oat.;    Strych. 

Ocular  muscles,   pain   In^Carbo   v.;     Cim,;     Onosm. 

See  Pain. 
Ocular  muscle Sr  paralysis  oi — Ars.  n,;    Cauit;    Com.; 
Euphras.;    Geh.;   Lach.;    Oxtyr.;    Phos,;    Physost.T 
Rhus  t.;    Santon.;    Senegan 
Ocular  muscles  paralyalSp  extrlnlc — Gels, ;'    Phos, 
O  cula  r  mu  s  cl  es  paralysl  s.  In  t rlni  c  —  L  a  ch . 
Ocular  mttsclesparalyilEp  superior  rectus— Seneg a- 
Ocular  muscles  paralysis,  weak — G^hr,     Lach.:     Nat. 
m.;     Physosl.;     Ruta;     Tilia. 
OPTICAL    HTPEB^STHESIA— Chryfiar. 
OPHTHALMIA— Catarrhal:     Apis;     BelK;     Cham,;     Eu^ 
I  phras.:    Gel&.:     Kalibich.;    Sul. 

Chronic— Con  ;    Graph.:    Fact.:   Sep.;    Sul. 

LFtoUlcular,  granular— Jequ jr.;    Puk. 
Oonorrhoeal  {neonatoniza) — Aeon.;    Arg.  n.:    Calc,  ■.; 
Can.  s.:    Hep.;    AStrc.  f.;    PuU.  . 


^20  REPERTORY 

OonciiTtiOealr  constitutional — Aeon.:     Cl^m.^    Nit.  me,; 

Puis. 
Purulent— Apis:   Calend.;   Ufp^   PlTimb.t    Rhts^  t. 
Bheuma-tlo — Aeon,;       Bry.;      Euphras.;        Kali    5fck; 

Merc,  c.;    Nux  v.;     Rhust.;    Spie/T    Sol^. 
Scrof\ilauB — Mthiops;    Are.;    Afs.  iod, ;    Aur*:    Bar,  e,; 
Bar.  md.\    Cakr  c,^    Can,  s,;    Cist.t    Cofch.  t*  Cod,: 
Etipliras.;    Graph,;     H«p.;    lod.;     Merc.  £,;    Mere, 
nit.;    Nit.  at. "i    Puis.;    Rhust.;   Sni. 
Sympathetic— Bell.:     Bry.;    Calend,;     Merc.;    Rhus  t; 
SiL      Ste  Cnnjunctivitis, 
omc  NERVE— Atmpliy  of:    Agar.;     Arg.   n.;    Ni*x  ^; 

P^(  u jf . ;    S  a  n  1 1:>  n . ;    5i  rych .  « il . 
yEUBITIS  — iTiHnmHi atlon  of:    Api»-    Are.;    B*U.;    Kali 
iod.;    3fffrc.  4.-.,     Mux  v.;    Plumb,  m.;    P^Is^t    Benton.; 
Tab.;     Thyr. 
NtuiitlB,  ohjoked— Ben.  1    Brj-.;    Dub.:    Gels*:    HcJkbv, 

Knx  v.:    Puis.;     V*Er.  V, 
Neuritis,  descen^iLE— Art.;    Cupr.  m.:    Mtirc.  c. 
Paralysis  of— Xux  V--    Oxytr.;    Phoa.  ac, 
ORBITS — Bony  tumors;    Kali  iod. 

Cellulitis —.\^i,t;     Hep.:     Kali  tod.;     Phyt.:     Rkmw  i,: 

Sil. 
lujurlei — Acran,-    AfH,;    Ham. 
Fain  arounil- Apis:     Axaf.:     Aur.   m.;     Cinnab,;    Hy- 

drtjcut,:    Ilex;    Plat,;    Plitmb.  m. 
Fato,   deep    to — Aioir;     Gels.;      Phos,;      Plot,;     Sarra<!.; 

Spig.;    Stann.:    Dpas.      See  Pair*, '•' 
PerlOBtitls—A^^af,;    Auw.:     Kali  iod.:    Merc;    S*l, 
PAN -OPHTHALMITIS— Hep.;    Rhus  1. 
PAIN:   LOCATION— Ciliary  body:    At^.:    Ctd,;    Chenop.; 
Cim.;     Ctnnab.;    Col,;     CommoeK;     Crot.   t.;     Gels  , 
Pans;     t'iant.;     Phc«,^      Pruh.   tp.;     'Rhm.l    Spig.; 
Thuya. 
Eyeballs— -AcYJif.r     A^af.i     Aur.;     SalL:      Bry.;     Ctd.. 
Cbf?L;     Cim.:    Cim^h..     Clem.;     Coce.;     Camtaoel., 
Crot.     t.;      Esser. :      Eup.    pcri.i      Eiiphras.:      G*l9i 
Grind.:    Guarca;    Hop.;    Kiiiriod.j    Lycop.;    Me;*, 
c:     N^t,   m.;     Nit.    ac;    OlfeiitTd.?     duos m . ;  ^ Cfeta  ; 
Parifi;     Phos.;      Prnn.    Ep.;     Puis:      Rliil        R^l^, 
Spig.;    Syph.T   Thuya:    UpM.;    Viola 
Orbttfi — Aloe;      Aih.     pier.;      Amff^     Aiar  a-, 

Cinnab.;     Gds.;     Ili?x:      Kati  i^U,;     Phoa,,     S-inR 
Upas. 


EYES 


721 


Supra-OTlJit^^AjsaLj    Bry.;    C&rb.  ac*;    Ced.:   Chm.  s,; 

Dub;    Gds,^     Kali  hick,;    Meli.;    Merc,  c;  Sp^,: 

Thuya. 
TYPE— Aching,   lOre:     ^sc;     BryK;    Cim,:     Eup,  ptrf^r 
Eser.!      Ham,;      Led.;      Lept.;      Nat,    fn.;      Qno&tar. 
Rhtis  I.;    Rut  a;    Sticta. 
Boring — AsaL;    Aur.:   Crot.  t*;    Hep+;    JWerc,  c. 
Brulied — -4rji.;     Aur.    mur,  t     Cupr.    tn.;      Ctl^.;     Hep,; 

Nat.  m. 
Burning,    Etnftrting — Afit;t     Cepa;     Clem,;  *   Mece.  ^c; 

Phos.;    Ran.  b.;    Ruia, 
EUla-r^ed  feelliig,  bursttng — Ery.r     Citn.;    Commod.^ 

Fran.  $p.;    Spig, 
Neilra-lglo  —  Arw,;    As&f, ;     BeH,;     C^d;     Ctiu*;    Cinch,; 

Cinnab.;     Comtnocl.;     Crot,    t.;     Gels.;     Kali   iod.; 

MpH.:    Prun,  sp.;    Rhad,;    Spig\ 
PertodlcAlly,    IntermlUent— As^f,;     Ced,;      Chin,    h,; 

Cindh.:    Spig. 
Flerclng,  penettaltog^j^pw;    Aur.:    Millef.r    Rhus  i. 
FrcBilve,  crugliing — Anac,^    Asaf,;    Aur,  mur,;    Cijidi*; 

Euphras.i    Hep,;    Oltiand.;    Parti;    Priin,  sp.;    SAn. 

h',    Rhus  t.:    Ruia;    Spig. 
FreBsing  lilW^rdt,  &■  If  retracted— A ur,  raur,;    Crnl,  J,; 

Hep  :    Oleand.;     Far  is. 
PreBBing  outwards — Ery.;    Cim.;    CotnmDcl,:    Guarea; 

Lycop  ;    Merer,  c;    Spig, 
SbootlAgt    Btitchlug.   dartlnci    cutting — Asaf.;     Bry^: 

Cim.:    Cinnab.:    Clem.:     Kali^.;    Merc,  c;     NU.a€.; 

Prun.    sp,;    5 pig.  '   : 

Sensitive  to  toudi — Aeifti.;    Am,;    Ars,;    BelL;     Bry.: 

Cfm.:      Clem.;       Hep.;      Lept.,      Rhus    t.;      Spig; 

Thuya.      See  hchia^.  sor^s. 
&pUnt«7-llke — Apis;    Aur,:     Hep.;    Med:     Merc;     Xii. 

ac.;     Stjl,;     Thuya. 
Stinglnff— .4^i>,'    Kali  c;    Pols.;    Thuya. 
Strained^  Btifl  feeling— Jabc*T,r    KaL:    Med.;     A^ot.  wi., 

Onnsm.;    Rhus  t.;     RiUa* 
TbLrobbing-^Afiaf . ;     BelL;    B.ry.\    ©m.:     Hep,;     Merc; 

Ther.  ■  ••  .-nii-,:^i   -hmut    ,  ■         "  '       ^ 

Tearlng—Afiat;    Aurmur,:   Crot;  t,;   G-uflrcar   Merc,  c; 

Ful-;.  .    „,    -    -  ,    .<,f.iu 

li0DAI.ITZEB— Aggravatlonf  At  nlgllt:  .4ie#.;  Asfif.. 
Cinnab. ;  Hopn;  Kali  i&d.;  Merc,  c, ;  Mere*  el:  Puis.; 
Rhtis  t,;    Syph.-   Thuya, 


7S* 


REPERTORY 


Before  &  vtorm — Rbi^d. 

From  cold  air — Asar. ;    CUm.i    Hep* 

From  dunpi   cold,  ratoy  weatJier— Merc,  c;     Rkmt  u 

Spig. 
From  looMnc  down— Nat.  m. 
From  looktng  up — CheL 
TtOtn  lying  down — BdL 
From  motion — Ars.;      Bry.;     Crot.    t.:     Grind.i     Ksl,* 

Rhus  i..    Spig, 
From  XtiOti^m.   or  uie  of  eyet— Arg.   n,;     Arn,;    JStJ.; 

A'i3/.  m.;    Ortdsm.;    Puis,;    Rhus  t.;  Kuta. 
TTcan.  glare  of  Uebt^Merc. 
From  lUnUgbt — Asar-     Merc. 
From  touch — Bry.'    H*p.;    Phos,;    Plant. 
From  warmtti — CvmmGcI,;  Puis.;   Thuya, 
Worse  on  left  side — Onoam.:    Spig.;    Ther* 
Worse  on  right  side — BtU.;    Ced.;     CheL;    Com  mod.; 
Mi'ig.  p.:    Prtin,  sp.;    Ran.  b.;    Ruta. 
AlklEI^IOKAT ION— Gold  i.lr,  appUcatlani:    Asar.:    Pols. 
Ikying  down  on  b&dc — Puis. 
Motion^ Kali  iod. 
Pressure — Asaf.;    Chel,;     Chin,  a, 
Kefit — Asaf.:    Bry. 
Toueh,  presEure — Asaf,;    CheL 
Warmth— Ars,;   Hep,,-   Mag.  p.:    Thuya. 
PANKUS  — Apis:      Anr.    mmr.-     Cliiu.    mur,;      Htp.;     KftJi 

bich.      See  Cornea. 
PERCEPTIVE    POWER    LOST— Kali  p. 
PHOTOPHOBLA— .^ETOrt.;     Ail.;     Apia;     Ars.;     Anr.   mwr: 
BelL,-  Calc.  c;  Calc.  p,;  Cim-,   Coil;    Hep.:  Mwft*  c; 
Merc,  s.;  Nux  v.;  Psor.:  Pols.;  Rhus  t.;  Spi«.;  Sul 
PTEBTGItrM— Am.  br.;    &uarca;     Ratank,:    Spie.;    Sd.: 

Tellur.;    Zinc.  m.  .       « 

PUPILS— Contracted  myaslf:  Acon.i  £wr,;  Gels.i  loddl,* 
Lonic  ;  ArorjSjt.;  O^.;  Oxytr.i  Piloc;  Phy si>*$^;  Salamn* 
Dll&tad— Mydriasis;      AiL;     Atrop.:      B*IL;     Cilc,  e.; 
Cic;       Cocainf;      Gds,;     Glon,;     Helleb.;     Hyos.; 
Oeaanthe;    Sec;    5fram.;    Yen  v.j    Zinc*  m. 
Inaenslble,  poor  reaction — Cic-    Gek*;    Hydme.  ac; 
Op.;    Pbas.;     Piloc;    Zinc, 
RETINA — Anemia  of:   Lith.  c. 
Apoplexy  of    (h^norrhaee  frotn,  traiunatlon,  coufb. 
©to.) — Aeon.;     Am.;    Bell.;    Ham,;    Lack,  i    teii 


EYES 


72.^ 


•Artery,  vpftna  ol— Nm  v. 
Coa^eiUoti  Ot — Aeon.;     BglL;    Dub.;    Ferr.    p.;     Gels.; 

Piils.r    SantPfi. 
Goii|^e5tlon>  from  cardiac  dlseass — €act. 
Congestion,  from  menstrual  suppresBiom— Bell.;    Puis. 
€oneeition»  from  o^eniie  of  tiyem^Ruta;    Santon. 
Detachment  of"-4«r.  niur.;    Ceh.;    Naph.;    Piloc. 
Edema  of  —  ,4  pis ;    B  clL ;    Ca  n  th . ;     Mais  iod. 
Hype  r B&  a  t h  esla  ( op tl  cal )  —  B*f i . ;  Cqti  h  :   L  iL  t . :   M  b  c  rot ; 

Nux  v.;    Ovc.  ac;    Strycli.  ^ 
RETINITIS — Infianunatlon  of:  Aibumlnurle  and  Clmmlci 

Gels.:     KaL;     Mprc,  c;     Pimnb.  m. 
Leukemic — Nat.  s.:    Thuya. 
Pigmentary — Nux  v.;    Phos. 
proliferating — Kali  iod.;   Thuya. 
Punctata  albefic ens — Bell.:    Kali  iodn:    Merc,  c;    Merc, 

i.  T  :    SuL 
Simple  aiut  Beroiii— A«r.;     BelL;    Bern,  dinit.; 

Dub.;    Gels.;    Merc;    Puis.;    Santon. 
Syphilitic— I od.;    Kali  iod. 
lajurte*  of— Aeon;  Am.;  Bell.:  Hum.;  LsLch.;  Led. 
gCLEBOTIOA— Degener&tloii     of;      Aur.:      Ban 

Plumb. 
CPIBCLEBITI8— Inflammation    of 
iod.;    Rhus  t.;    Terab  :     Thuya^ 
8CLEBITIS — TTifl animation,   deep^ 

mur.;    Hep.;     KaL;    MeTc.  c.;    Spig.;    Thuya. 
STRABISMUS— (uiuln  ting);    Aluin;    Apis;     BelL;    Benz. 


Bry.; 

Phos. 
Tiiur.; 

(fluperHclal)  r      Kali 

Aeon.;      Ars,:      Aur. 


Hyo 


Nux 


Hyos. 


i 


dinil.;     Cic.:     Cina;     CycL;     G^ls.; 

Santon.;    Spig  ;     Stram.;    Zinc. 
Convergent- Cycl. 

Dependent  on  eonTuliloni — Bdl.;   Cie.T 
Dependent  on  worms — Ctnar   Cycl.:    Spig. 
Dtvergeut — Murph.;    Nat.  sfiL 
VISION  —  AMAUROSIS :     (UllndlieilK    Aeon.;    ,4**r.    m.; 

Cau-st.;    GeLs.;     Hyos.;     Manein.;     Nux  m.;    Nux  v.; 

Phos.:     Plumbs  ac;    Santon.;    Tab."    Zinc,  ra. 
Colon -^Btftra.  dtnil.;    Carbpn  s.;     Physoat.;    Santott. 
Bay  —  Bathri>px;   Castor.;    Lye;    Ran^  b. 
mgh%^Bell.;    Cadm.fi,;    Cinch.;    Hep.;    Lye; 

Physoat. 
Tobacco  -  A^wy  7...    PhoK.;    Piloe. 
jyifBl-TrOPlA- fblurred,   weafc   ^il<m)i     Aeon.; 

Aiiac*i    Aur.;    Dapt.;    Bens,  dinit,;    Cawal,; 


Nux  v.; 


Agar. . 


724  REPERTORY 

Cqn,;     Dig.;     Eser, ;     Gels.;     Hep.;     Kali  c:     KaIi  p.; 
Lil.  t.;    Nai.  m.i   Nuxm.;    Hu-Jtv. ;    OnosniM    Ox.  ftc ; 
Phos.  Bc;     Phss.:    Piloc.t    Rhtia  t.;     Ruia;    Santon,, 
Senega.:    Tab.'    Tbviya:    Titan-;    Ziuc,  m. 
Olijects  appear  ai  if  UKkldii^  through  jnist  or  irtU— 

CalCr    c;      Caitii,-     Cycl.;      Grls,;     Kali    d-.;     Lil^  I., 

Mormord.;     A'j^  m.;     Fh&$,;    Plumb,;    Rut,ai    T»iJ- 
ObJectE  appear  inverted — Guarea, 
Objects  appeal  loo  large — Hep.;      NiccoL;      Niix    m.. 

Ox.  uc. 
Objects  appear  tOC»  izliatl^ Bens,   dinit. ;     Glon.;    Plat^ 

St  ram. 
W^ea  readln^p  ej%E  easily  faticued^Atnmctn.;      Qt^c. 

c:    Nat.  ars,  ,,  ,, 

When  reading*  letters  disappear — Cic;   Cocc^ 
When  reading,  letters  appear  red— Plioe 
Wlien  reading,  letters  run  tiigether — Can.  ind  ,     A^f 

!«,;    Sil, 
ASTHENOPIA— cBye-stralu,  wltli  ^pasm  ol  aoemnmedA* 
tinn)  r    Agar.;    Am.  c;    Arg-n*;   Am,;   Ca^&t^i   Cim^i 
Croc,;    Gfh^;    Ig^.;    Kalic^j.    M-acrot^;    Nat.  m^;   Nun 

External  recti— CiipT,  ac;   Gels. 
Internal  recti — Nat.  m,  , 

Irritable — Jabor.;    Muscar.;    Pliysost.;    Piloc, 
Myopic— Eser..    LiL  t.  .     -^  ; 

ASTlGMATIHId— Gels.;    LiL  L;    Physost 
DIPLOPIA— (Double  Vision)  r   Agar,;    Aurr,    B^iL;  Cjd.i 
GeU.;  Hyos.;  Nit.  ac;  Oleand.;  Onosin.;  Pho5.;  Ver.  v. 
HEMIOFIA— Calc.  s,;     Glon.;     Lith.  c:     Lyt.;    Mur.  sc: 
Titan. 
Lelthall— Lith.  c;    Lye- 
Lowerhalf — Aut.i    Digit. 

Vertical — Ferr.  p.;     Lith,  c;    Morph.;     Tiian. 
HTPERMETROPIA— Cajc.  c;    Jabon;    PetfoL 
MTOFIA — Acjii.;      Agar.;      Aur»    mur.;      Gels.;      Lil.    1- 

PhysQst,;     Pilof,;    Viola  gd. 
OPTICAL  ILLUSIONS— (Ghromopsia,  photopsia):    Bla^ 
before  eyes-    Atrop.;    Carfea,  t^.-   Cmch,;    Lach,;  Utz. 
€.-    Merc,;     Pbos.;    Physost.;    Sep.;     Tab.;    Ziuc*, 
Blue  before  eyes—Crot.;    Trill,  cer.;    Trill*  p^ 
flashes,   Oames,   flickering — Agar,;     Brli.;     Ct^*  tl 
Clein,;     CycL;    Glon,;    Ign,;    /ir4»,'    PbysoeVt    S«<»9^ 
gs;    Viola  od. 


EYES  725 

Or«7 — Conv.;   Guarea. 

Orecn— Dig.;    Osm.;    Phos. 

Halo  around  light— Chloral;    Hyos.;    Sul. 

Objects,  biHllant,  fantastic-colored,  fiery— Aur. ;  Bell; 

Cinch.;    Cycl.;    Nat.  m. 
Bed  before  t^e  eyes— Antipyr.;     Apis;     Duh.:     Hep.; 

Phos. 
Sparks,  Stars — Calc.  fl.;   Caust.;    CycL;   Glon.;    Nat.  m.; 

Strych. 
Spots  (MUSC»  Volltantes)  — >l/ro^.;    Carbo  v.;    Caust.; 

Cinch.;    Cycl.;    Kali  c;    Nit.  ac;     Nux  v.;    Phos.; 

Tab. 
Yellow  before    eyes — Aloe;     Canth.;     Cina;    Digitox. ; 

Santon. 
VITBEOnS    OPACITIES  —turbid:    Cholest.;     Kaliiod.; 
Phos.;    Prun.  sp.;    Senega;    Solan,  n.;    Sul. 
Diffused — Hep.;  Kali  iod.;   Merc,   c;  Merc.  i.  r.;  Thuya. 


EARS 


EARS 


AUDIT  O  E V  WEB VE —Torpor :    C  h  t  ii  d  p . 

AUBICLE— 1  Extema-1  ear) ;  Biinjlug,  &s   11  froBt-laltten 

—  Agar.:    Canst. 
EBTTFTIONB— Bemedlei  In  general:     ^»^  f.;    Calc.  e.: 
Graph.:    Lye;    Met.;    Petrol.;    Tcllur. 
Aene— Cald.  g, 
Ec E ema  around—  .4  ft. ;   B o v. ;    CJ* m.;  C rot .  U ;    Graf  h .  / 

Hep,;    Mci.;    Oleand.;    Petrol.;    Psornj    Rhus  t, 
EryBlPfliaa— Apkt   Bell.;    Rhus  t. 
Ftisures — Graph. 
Frost  blttl — Apis;    Bell.;    Rhus  t. 
Herpes — Cialus;    Psor, 
mt  ertrlgo —Petrol . 
MolBt,  ooBlng — Ante;   Calcic,  j    Graph.;   Mez.;  PetTol: 

Psar. 
Pu&tuleii— Ars.;    Hep. 
Scabs,  scutta— Chrysan;    Hep.;    Fior. 
Glands,  swollen,  painful,  aroiltid— Zs'ar.  c;    Bell.;  C^U,  c: 

CapF..;    lod.;    Merc. 
I  tolling  of — Agar.;    ht%.\    ttep.;    Nat.  p.;    Sul.  iad. 
Lobe,  ulceration,  of  xtng  hole — Stann. 
Numbness  of^Mag.  c;    Plat. 
Pain,  tearing,  with  tophi— Berb,  v. 
&edf  raw,  sore — Graph. 

Red,     iwollen~.4r£jn.;      Agar.;      Apb;      BelL:      Cinch.; 
Graph.;     Hep.;     Kali  -1^ich.>     Mediisa;     Merc;     Fuk^; 
Rhm  L;    SuL 
3eniltl?e  to  toueti — Bel!,;    Bry.;    Capg.;  Cinch.;   Pern  p.; 

Hffp.:    Psor. 
GEKUMEN:    C*tj£t.;    Con^^  Elaps;     Lach.;     Puk.j    S^p.; 

SpOTig. 
DEAFNESS,  OH  HABDNE3S  0F  HEARING— Bern e41ea 
In  general:  Aj^raph.;  Arabra;  Ar&.  lod..  -B^ar.  c; 
Bell.;  Caic.  c;  Calc.  fl.;  Calend.;  Ciiust,;  Cheiranth.; 
Ch&Hop.;  Chin,  b,;  Cinch.;  Con.;  Elapa;  Pbit,  p.; 
Ferr.  pier.;  Graph.;  Hep.;  Hydr.;  Hydrobr^  ac; 
Icfd.;  Kdii  w;  Li^ib.  infl*:  MariE.  ac;  Meifc,  d.;  ^tT..% 


b 


I 


^JO  EEPERTORY 

Nat,  sal.;    Nit,  ac, :    PetroL:     Phos.  ac;  Phos,:    Piifc.; 
SaL  ac;     Tellur*;     V^rbasc,;    Viola  od. 
CAUSE — Abuse  of  Mercuzy :    Hep.;    Nit.  ac. 
Adenoids  —  Agraph . 
Apopl«X7 —  B  elL ;    H  y  oa . 

Bone- conduction  deflcient,  oi  absent — ClieaopH 
C Ata  rrb  ( eus  ta  clilan,  mlddl  e  ear )  ^  Ars .  io  d . ;   Cakartai ; 
Cautit,;     Graph.^      Hep,;      Hydr*;     lod.;     KqH   m.- 
Kali  s.;    Mtrc.  d.;    Puis.;    Hoaa  d.:    Sang.;    Sil 
Gold  exposure — Aeon.;    Vise.  a. 
Concussion— Am.;   Chin,  s. 
Damp  weather — Mang.  ac, 
Dlsetiargfl  suppressed — Lob.  inR. 
Ei^ptlon  of  scalpt  suppressed^ M€!z, 
Infectious  diseases — Bapt.;    Hep.;    Lye.;    Phoe. 
Nervous     e^haUKtlon^     and    nemmi     ortdn — Ambfii; 
Anac  ;     BelL;    Caust.;    Cinch,;     Gwh.;     Ign.;    Phos. 
ac.;    Tab.;      Val. 
Kiitrltlonal  disturbance*  Ixi  e'«>^^t^nc  clilMT«n--Calc.  c; 

Merc  i,  r- 
01d  Sige — Kali  m.;    Merc  d. 
Rheumatlco^outr  dlatlieitft — Fwrr*  picT,;    Ham.;   Kali 

iod,;    SuL;    Vis,  a, 
Sclerotic  condition  of  odnducttnff  media— Ferr.  pier. 
Scrofulous  diathesis —.'E^ftfc^s;    Calc.  c;    Ucz.;    Sul, 
Working  In  water — Calc.  c 
Agi^ravated  i>efore  menses— Ferr.  pier. 
Ameliorated    Irom    noise,    rtdlng    tn    ears — Calentl.. 

Graph. ;    Nit.  ac. 
Hyp  ersensl tl V  e  to  nol  se»,  sounds,  toI  c  es — A  co  n . ;   B4II ; 
BcT,;    Chenop-;     Cinch.;     Coff.:    Ign.;     Iod,;     Mag, 
m.;    Nit.  ac;     Nuxv.;    PetroL;    Plant.;    Sil,;    Tktr 
EUSTACHIAN  TTTBEB— (Catarrh  or  closure  of):  Alum  , 
Bar.    m.:     Calcarfas;     Caust.;     Graph.;     Hydr.;     Iod.; 
KqH  m.:   Lob,  cer.;    Merc,  d.;   Pcnthor. ;    Pvils.:   Ro«a 
<L;    Sang,  n.;    Sil.;    Vise  a. 
EZTEENAL    AUDITOBY  CANAL— Boils,    plmplts,    In: 
Bell.;  Calc.  pier,;  Hep.^  Merc  s.;  Pier,  ac;    Sil;   Su! 
Bumlns  in — Ars.:    Arundo;    Caps.;    Sang,'^    Strycli. 
Digging  and  sera^teblnff  Into— Cina.  ~ 

OryneBS  of— Ferr.  pier,;     Graph^;    Ntix  v.,    Verbasf 
Exostoses— Calc.  fl.;    H^cla^    Kali  tod. 
Feels,  as  If  distended  by  air- M ex. 
ngsures  In— Graph.;   PetioL 


731 


-AcDji.:     Ars-    iod.;      fiWJ. 
pier,  i    Cham. ;     Fetr^  p.: 
Afgrc.   K'     Nit.   ac. ; 


Taflaiziiiia.tlon  and  pmln  In- 

^K       Hep.;     Kali  hich.:     Kali 
^^       Psor.;    Pills. 

Itching  tn^. 4 111 m.;    Caust.;  Kali  bich.;    Kali  c;    Psor.; 

Sn.;    5«i.;    Viola,  ocl. 

FolTpold  excTfliceueei,  fniLuiatlimB  In — Alum.;  Calc, 

c;     CijlCr    tod-:     Kali   bich.i     Kali  iod,;     Merc.   s. ; 

A' if.  Ji:,;    Sang,;    Tcucr,;     T/iwjciJ- 

ieii£a.UonB^  &■  it  heat   ^nanated  from — jEth.;   Caust. ; 

Sans&tionSr   at   If   obitructed^^th.;     Anac;     Asar. ; 

Carbon  s.;    C/ia»H^;    Glon.;    Puis.;      Verha^e. 
BeiiK&tloti«i  ai  tf  open  too  mtioh— Me£. 
Sensitive   to  Air>   touch — Ar£».;     Bor.;     Cham.;     Hep.; 
Mcz. ;    Nux  V',-;    Pettol. 
LABYEOTTH— BloOiJy,  serous  eHUilOti,  In;    Chenop. 

InflABftifcd  (OtltlB  Interna  I  ^KeiIl  iod,;     Msrc.  i.  r. 
MASTOID  PROCESS— GarieB  of :    Aur.;    Fluor,  ac:     Nit. 

at-,,'    Sil, 

MABTQIDTTIS— Inflaittynatioll    Of;      Am.     pier*;      AsaL; 

j4wr.;     Benz,    ac;     Canth,;      Caps.;     Hep.;     Mag.   p.; 

O  J^  0  H  in . ;     O  n  \A  t:  us . 

MEMBBANA  TYMPAlfl—Calcareoui  deposition;  C^lc  fl. 

Inflammation    of    (Ktyringltls)— -^cow.;     Bell.;     Bry.; 

Cinch  ;    Mgp.-         Se«  Otitis. 
Perforated— Merc:    Sil.;    Tub, 
Thickeued— .^rs.  iod. 
Thin,  whltei  scaly  deposit  on— Graph. 
OSSICLES —Carles    of:     Asaf.;      Aar,,-     Fluor,  ac:     SiL; 
Syph. 
Peti^Uft  bone,  tender  to  touch — Caps.;    Onrmm. 
Sclerosis  of,  also  petrous  portion  of  temporal  bone — 
Cak    ± 
TTMFANTJM— (Middle  ear);  Otitis  ^Inflammation  of: 
C AT AEH-HAL— Acute;     Aeon.;     BtlL;    Cham.;     F^rr.  p.; 
Gels.:    Hep.;    Kali  m*\    Merc;   Puis. 
Ohronio— Agar.;     Ar^.;      Bar.    m.;     Calc.    c;     Caust,; 
Cinch,;      Graph.;      Hydr.;      Kali    iod.;      K&H    m.; 
M0fc.  [/.;    Phcrs.:     Sang.;    Teuer.     See  Eustachian 
Tubes. 
OTITIS    MEDIA    BUPPUEATIVA—Aoute;     A^on.;     Ars. 
iori,;     BeiL;    Calc,  s.;    Caps.;    Chant.;    Ferf,  p.;    Gels,; 
Heii.;    KsUbich.;    Merc. a,;    Plant.;    Puis. 

c— Alum. :    Ars.    iod.;      Aur.;      Bar.    to.;      BeU". 


73* 


REPERTORY 


Cslc^  c;  Calc.  fL.\  Calc.  ipd,;  C&p5»i  Clienop,i 
Blap.^  Hep.;  Hydr. ;  Kali  bich.:  Kali  iod.:  K^U 
«,;    Kino:   Lapis  alb.;    Lye;   More.  v»;    Psor*;   Pitli,; 

TYPE    OF    DISGMABGE— (OtorrlKfia) :      Bloody:     An.: 

Kali  iod.;    Merc;    Psor. ;    Rhus  t.;    Skook.  ch. 
ExGorlatltiet  tiUa — Alum,;    Ars.;    Calc.  iod.*    Cak.  p  , 

Iod.;    Syph. 
Muco -purulent,  fetldi  &erld  ajid  bUnd^^thiops  ;  Ar& 
iod/;    Aur;    Cah.  c.;    Calc.  s.,'    Elaps;    H^p^:  Hydr,; 
Kali  bich,;     Kalis.;;    Kino;    Lye;    M&rc.  «,;    Puh.; 
Psor.;    Si].;    SuL;    Tdlun;    Thuya;    Tub. 
Waterjf  seFOUV,  acrid ^ — v4rt.,'   Afs.  iod.;   Cfetus;    Twlhf 
FAIN*  OTALGIA— ^ COB,;     Antipyr.;     Apis;     BwU.;    Box.: 
Caps.;     Cham,:     Dylc^;     Ferr.  p*;    Gels.;     Hgp.;    Kali 
bicli.;     Kkli  iodL^     Mag.  p,:    M^ire.  s. ;      Piaitt.;     Pui$., 
Sang'.;    Val.;    Viola  od.:     Vetboic. 
TYPE — AcblnSi  constant— Caps.;    Merc- 
Borlllg— Am.  iiicr.;     Asaf.;    Bell.;     CapR. 
Burning"^ Ars. :    Caps, 
Cramp-llker     presfllng,     pieTdnff — Anac;      Cale     c; 

C'kum,;    Kali  b  i c  h , ;     Merc;     P m/^ . 
17euralgle,  lancinatlijgi  thlftln^r  shocitlAet  pa^roxytmal 
—  BflL:    Caps.;    Cepa.;    Cinch.;    Ferr.  p.;     Mai.  P-' 
Viola  od. 
Pul sating,  throbbing—  Bsll . .-    Cac t . ;    C b  1  c .  c. ,    Ff  rr .  f . 

Glon.;    Merc,  c;    PuJi.;    Rhus  t. 
Stlnslns — Apis;    Caps. 
StHohln^ — Cham.;     Ferr.   p.;     Hep.;      Kali  c;     Mirc.. 

PidHf.r    Viola  od. 
Tearing— SrN.;    Caps.;    (>&cw.;    Kali  bich,;    KftU  iod.; 
Plsnt.;     Ptih. 
MO DALITI^g -Aggravation  ;    At    night;     Acorn.;    Afi  , 
Bell.;   Calc.  p.;    Caps.;    Cham.;   Ferr,  p.;    Hep,:    Kari 
iod,;    Merc.t    Puis.;    Rbiis  t. 
Prom  cold  alr^Calc.  p  ;    Caps.;     Cham.;    Hep.:    Mas 

p.;    Sang, 
East,  uncovering— Aur. 

Warmtb -Aeon,;    B  o r, ;    C ale.  p , ;    M e re, ;    N  ux  v , ;   PvU. 
Washing  face  and  neck  with  cold  water — Mag,  p. 
AMELIOEATEON'-DurlngdaF^    Aeon. 
From  hoing  eairledt  motion — Cham, 
From  cold  applications — Puis, 
From  motion,  covering — Aur. 


EARS 


733 


From  sipping  cold  water— Bar.  m, 
From  wmrmtih — Belt;    Caps.;    CKam.;    Dulc;    Ma£.  p. 
In  open  air— Ac  on.:    Aur.:    Ferr.  p.:    Puh. 
I  TINNITUS   AUE.rDM — (Notiei   lA   eari):     Bemadlei   In 
P  gencjal;     Antipyr,;     Ars  :     Bar;   c;     Bar     m.;     BelL; 

I  Can,  chal,;    Carbons.;    Caust  ;    Chgnop.;    Chenop,  gl.; 

I  Chin.  taL;    Chin  s.:     Cinch.:    Graph.;    Hep.;    Hydr,; 

^^  Kali  c;  Kali  iad*;  Kali  m.;  Kali  p*;  Merc;  Merc. 
^K  d.i  Nal.  itiL;  PetmL;  Plumb,  m.;  Puts.;  SaL  ac: 
B^  Sang. ;    Sil. ;    Sul. ;     Viola  od. 

r     Ihtlllnfl — Afitipyr.;      Bar.    m.;      Can.    chal,;      Chtnup.; 
Chin.  ».;    Dig.;    Iris;    Kali  p,;    Kreos. 
Crmckliig^,    snapplzis,    when    blowtng    note,    chewing 
fwallowlng,  sneeMlng — Kar.  c.;    Bar.  m.;    Chenop, 
r1.;     Graph.,     Kali  c;     Kali  m.;      Nit.  ac:     Ptilf.; 
Thaya. 
HlsBlng — Can*  ind,;    Chin.  $^;    Dig.;    Graph*;    Teucr* 
Hmnmltig — Alum.;  Canst.;    Ferr.  p.;     Kali,  p.;    Sa.ng. 
Intolerance  of  muiic — Acan.:    Atnbra;     Bufo:    Ylola 

;  od. 

FulBatlng*  throbbing— Calc.  c;   Caust.;    Ferr.  p.;   Glow.; 
jl  Hep.-     Merc;     Puis, 

Ee- echoing   of  TOlcer  loundi — Bar.  vu;    Caimt.:  CoL; 
!  Phos. 

I  Elnglngp  «i  Of  1»ell&— ^Wl.;  Calc.  fl.;  Caust.:  Cham.; 
Cfiin.  I.;  Cinch.;  Graph,;  Im;  Mez.;  Nat*  tal*; 
Petrol. 

i       Roaring — Caust,^     Chin.  *.;    Elaps;    Ferr,  p,;     Graph,; 
Phos-  ac;    Puis.;    Sal.  ac;    SanEi    SiL;    Btrych.; 
Viola  od. 
Bushing— Ferr.  p.;    Gels.;    Ptils, 
Staging  —  ChiH.  *,r    Diff. 
Whiesing — Bar,  m,;    Hap.;    Rhod.;    SuK 


NOSE 


NOSE 


FECTTONB,  Syphilitic— As af. :    i^wr,,-   Cinnab.;    Fluor. 

oc;     Kalt  hick.;     Kali  iod,;     Merc.  C-;    SiL 
EfE5 — C&rlei  of:    Asaf.:    i4ur',;    Cadm.  s.t    Meri:,  i.  f^; 

Merc. ;     Fhoi.     See  Tissues, 
^alii    tn—A»af.;     Aur.;     Cinnab.;      Hep,:      Kali    iod.: 

Lflch.;    A/prp.;    Puis.;    SiL 
'erloatltis  of— Asaf.;     Aur.,-    Merc;     Pfeea.     See  Tk- 

sues. 
Jlcamtion  of— Hekla:    Hep.     See  Tissues. 
TMBNAh  N08E— In  general;    Afifectloni  of:    C&ust,; 

Nat.  d. 
UFTZONS   AND    OBOWTHS— Acne:     Art^.'      Ars,    br.: 

Bor, ;    Caust.;   Clem.;    Etaps'    Zing. 
Scsema. — Hals,  per. 
'UninclBft — Cadm.  a,;    Cur;    Hep. 
tetpes — Aeon,  lye;    Alum,;    Mtir.  ac:    Sep^:    Sul, 
,upiis— Ars.:    Kreos.;    X.  ray. 
1iatul«8— Hep.:    Petrol, 
calei— Canst. 
ir»m— Thuya.      See  Skin. 
AmnmtlOU  Qt—Apig;   Aur.    muf.:    BelL;   Bor.;     Carbo 

an.;    Fetf.    \od,\    Ferr.    pier,:    Pi  nor,    ac;    Hfp.;  Kip- 

poz..     Kali   iod.;   Medusa.;    Merc.    c. ;   Sul. 
WBg  Qt—Agar.-   Cina;   Filix   m.;   Iod.;  Pin.  syl.:  Zing. 
ntmetft  of— Nat.  in. 
Ineii  of— Apis;    EmIL;    Bpr.;    Iod.;     Kali  i&d.;  Nat.  c; 

Psor.;    Yucca;    Zinc. 
etieii  to  touch— C»wHiifc.;    Con.;    Htp,:    Lith.  m^ 
ipoie  vein*  on— Carbo  v, 
low  uAdle  on^Sep. 
E— {Wings):      Burning,   hot,    biting i     Cheuop.    gl; 

Sang.  «,,■    Senega.;    Sinap, 
^ryneii  of— Chlorum;    Helleb.;    Sani,  n. 
Iniptlonft,  growthi,  oraclUr  cniBtif  ulceratloiiit — Am* 
€.;    Aur.;    Bov.;    Calc.  c;    Caust  ;     Graph;    Kali  c; 
Merc;     NiL  act     PeiroL;    Sul.;    Thuya. 
'.eteimM.—  Ant,  p.;    Bala    per.:    Bar.  c;    Graph,:    PettoL 


738  REPERTORY 

Herpei— Physost. 
Tubercles — Hippoz. 
Fanning  of — Ant  t.;  Brom.;  Chel.;  Gadus  m.;  Kali  br.: 

Lye;    Phos.;    Pyr. 
Itching  of — Carbo  v. ;    Cina;    Nat.  p. ;    Santon. 
Bed,  Inner  angles  of— Agar.;   Sul. 

Soreneil    to  touch  —  Alum.;    Ant.    c;     Arum;    Calc.  c; 
Graph.;  Hep.;   Kali  bich.;  Merc,  c;  Nit.  ac.;  Petrol.; 
Scilla;    Uran. 
Throbbing  In— Aeon.;    Brom. 
TIP— Blueneil  of:    Carbo  an.;    Dig. 
Burning  of —Ox.  ac. 
Cold,  pale,  pointed — Apis;     Art.;     Camph.;    Carbo  v.; 

Cinch.;    Helleb.;    Tab.;     Ver.  a.     See  Face. 
Congestion  of — Am.  c. 
EBX7PTI0NS,  GBOWTHS- Aene:    Am.  c. 
Crackl — Alum;    Graph.;    Petrol. 
Furuncles — Ananth. ;    Bor. 
Herpes- ^<fc.;    Clem;    Conv. 
Pustules— Kali  br. 
Scales — Caust.;    Nat.  c. 
Ulcers — Bor.;    Rhus  t. 
Tiunors — Ananth.;    Carbo  an. 
Warts — Caust. 
Inflammation  Of — Cistus;    Euphorbia;    Niccol. 
Itching  Of — Carbo   an.;   Cina;    Morph.;  Petrol.;   Santon: 

Sil. 
Bedness  of — Caps.;  Kali  n.;    Niccol.;    Nit.  ac;    Rkua  t.; 

Sil.;    Vinca  m. 
Soreness  to  touch— Bor.;    Hep.;    Mentha. 
Tingling  in— B  ell . ;    Morph . 
Torpor,  as  from  blow — Viola  od. 
INTEBNAL  NOSE— Abscess  of  septum:     Aeon.;    Beli: 

Calc.  c;    Hep.;    Sil. 
EPISTAXIS— Bleeding  from: 

Bemedles  In  general — Aeon.;    Agar.;    Ambros.;    Am. 
c;    Am.;    Bell.;    Bry.;    Calc.  c;    Carbo  v.;   Cinch.; 
Croc;     Elaps;     Ferr.    ac;     Ferr.    p.;      Ferr.   pier.: 
Ficcus;    Ham.;    I  pec;    Lach.;    Meli;    Millef.;    Mur. 
ac;    Nat.  nit.;     Nit.  ac;    Nux  v.;    Ononis;    Phos.: 
Puis.;    Sul.;    Thlaspi;    Tilia. 
CAUSE— Cough:    Am. 
Eating — Am.  c 
Hemorroids,  suppressed — Nux  v. 


NOSE 


739 


Menkes     abRent     (TlcarlouB)  —  Bry.;      Ham.;      Lach.: 

Nat.  &.;    Phos-    Puis. 
Motion,  nolle,  light  — BelL 
Stooping — Rhus  t. 
Straining— Carbo  v. 
Traiamatlam— Acet,  ar  ;    Arn.;    Millet. 
Wasbtng      Am.  c;     Ant    s    a.;     Kali  c;     Map.  c. 
CCUltEETfCE  AND  CONCOMITANTS  —  AIntghtS*  during 

ffleep:    Merc,  s. 
In  children  growing  rapidly— Co/c.  c:    Croc;    Phos. 
In  dally  attacki — Carbg  w 
£n   morning    on    aw&ldngf  arising,    elo — Afoe;    Bry.; 

Cinch.;     Nt^x  v. 
In  morning  from  washmg  face— Kali  c;    Onions. 
In  old  people     AkLir  ■    Carbo  v. 
With  chest  affections — Nit.  ac 
With  fac©  congCBted,  red"  Bell. ;    MslL;    Nax  v. 
With  face  paie — Carbo  v. 
With  proBtration — Diph. 
With  relief  ol  headacbe—  Ham  :    Meb. 
With  tightness,  pressure  at  root  of  nose— Ham. 
TYPE  OFBLOOO— Blacks  stringy:   Croc;   Crot,;   Merc,  a. 
Bright  t^  —  AcoH.:    lielL;     Bry.;    Carbo    v.:    Erecht.; 

h^rr,  p.;    Milkf. 
Coagulate— Nat.  chlor.i    Nux  v. 
Dark,  fluid— Arn,;    Ham.:    See. 

Kon-coBgula|»le,   pftttgi'vret    profuse — Carbo    \.\     CrDt.: 
Ham,;    Phas. 
I    Blows  nose  continually— Stic ta:    Trilic. 
I    Boring,   digging  into— .4 rHm.-    Cina;   Helleb/:   Phos.  at.; 

Sum  mi. 
I    Burning,   smarting   in— Am.  m.\  Art.;  Af&.  iod.;  Brom.; 
Hep.;     Hydr.;    Kaolin;   Merc,  c:   Merc,  s.;    Pcnthor.; 
Sabad.;    Sang.;    San^.  n^ 
coldness  la-^Campk.;    CUtm;    Coral.;    Hydr,;    Lith,  c. 
Conge*tlqnylolent  In— BelL:    Cupr.  m.;    MelL 
I    Dryness  ct—Acon,;  Am.  c:  Camph.;  Gmpk.;  K&li  bich.; 
I  Kali  c;    Kali  iod,;    Lye;    Nux  m*;     Nitx  v.;   Onosm.; 

I  Petrol,:    Rumex;    Samb.;   Sang.;    Sinap.;    Sticia.      See 

Stoppage. 
EBUPTIONS,    OEOWTHfl— Furunoles*    pimples:     Tub,: 

LVinta. 
Lupus^.4rj.;    Calc.  c;   Cic;    Hydr.;    Hydrocot.:    Merc; 
Rhu^t.;    Su 


740 


RKPBRTORY 


Polypi — Cadm.   s.;     Cal^*   a     Calc*    iod.;     Cepa;     Kalf 
btch.;     Lemna   m.t     M*rc.   i.   r, ;     Nit.    ac;     Pliw,; 
Sang,;    S^ng:  n.;    Teucr.;    Thuya, 
Sc&bSp   crusti,  plugi.  cLtnkeri — Atnm.:     Artiin,*    Aut> 
Bor.;    Cadm,    s,;    Elaps;      Kali  bick,*     Lye.;     Nat 
ars.;    Nit.  ac.;  Puis, 7  Sep,:  SiL;  Sticta;  SuI.;  T^m^r, 
Thuya. 
moeratloiiBp    ezcorlatlani — Alum,;     Ats      lo4. :     Aur,; 
Bor.;    Graph,;    Hep;    Hydr.;     /fralt  iitr/i.;    Kreei., 
Merc.c;    Ran.  s.;    SiL:    Thuya;      V^iMCff, 
Oardness  of  (&hlno*selemia^Aitr.  m.  n.;    Con. 
RHINrTIS — InflazninatfDD  of:    Acute   (catarrhal)  frotm 
pollsn  Irritation.  HAT  FEVER.  BOio  cold»  Siumiiei 
Catarrh:     Ambrna,-     Aral,;      Ats.;     Ars,    iod  ;     Ccfi*, 
Chin,    drfi.t      Cflcainet     Cupnim    ac;      Euphorh    pil- 
Enfrhrai.;     Gels.;     Hep.;     Ipec.;     Kali   iod.;     Uach,: 
Linum    usit.;      Naph.;     NtiK   v.;     Rnsia    d.;     Salmd.: 
Sang^  n.;    Si  nap.;    Sticta;    Supfaran.  ext,;  Trifol, 
Acute* Catarrhal  (€oMlm head):    Aeffn.;  Am,  m.;  Art.: 
Afft.   iod.;     Arum;     A  vena;     BelU;     Bry.;     Camph.; 
Cfpa;     Cham*;     Dtilc;     Eupat.    perf.;      Euphtm,: 
Fern    p.;     Gels.;     Hydr,;     Kali    bith,:       Kali  ♦ftf.; 
Merc,   t.;     Nat.    am.;     Nat.    m,;      Nttx   v.;    Pluas,; 
Pul^.;    OuUI.;    Sataad,:    Sanfi.i    Sanfr.  fi:;    S^^lo. 
Predisposition    to    eold»— Alum.;    CaU.    c;     CaJtnd ; 
Diilc  ;    Hep.;    Merc;    Nat,  m.;    PEor.;    Sirl;;   Tuk 
CONCOMITANTS— Achlne  in  Umht:    Acoti.:    Bry.:    E^f- 
perf.:    Grh, 
Ghlllliies&    cliiltial    itae:e]  —  Aton.;      B&pt.;      Ctfrnf^., 
Ferr.  p.;     Gels.;      QuiiL;    Sapon. 
C0RYZA— Dry  (stufly  cold;   mufnesj :  Aeon,;  A  m.  r,;  Aiu 
m,;    Calc.    c;    Camph.;    CAom.;  Dulc;    Blaps;   Hff; 
Kali  bicb^;     Kali  c;    Lye;    Nat.  m.;     A^w:*;  in;    Ostd., 
Puis.;  5firt«b./  Sinap.;    Stkta;   Teycr*      See   St<ippage 
Altem&tely  dry  and  fluent — Lac  c-    Mag.  m. ;    Nut  v., 

Pills.;    Si  nap.;    Solan,  n.;    Spong, 
Infants,  with  mufflei — Aeon.;    Am.  p,;    BelU;    Ckam.. 

DrAc;  Hsp.;  Nux  v,;  Sdrnfr.;  Sticta, 
CoryBa,  fluent,  watery  (running  cold)— Ambros.:  Am 
m.;  AraL:  Ats.:  Aft.  iod.:  Arumj  Brotti.;  C*f«i 
EucaL;  iiuphroa.;  G«l3.;  Hydr,;  Iod.;  Kaliial, 
Merc,  c;  MeTc.  s,v  ^*^*  ^^-  ^«*  ^  ■  Q*^' 
Sabitd.;    Sang,  n.;    StiSla.;  ^q\^^-  'a--  "ti^^L^. 


NOSE 

TbloM  mUCUl—Aur.;      Ferr.    iod,.      Hep.:       Knli   hick.t 
Kali  s.;  A/frr.  fl,,    Pcnthor. ;    Puis.;    Sang,  n,;    Sept 
Sticia. 
Couch — Sfli.;    Ctpa;    EuphTa*.;    Sang.:    Si  nap.;    Siicla, 
H«ftd&ldle — Ars,;  Br^,;  Cepa;   Gels.;   Kali  i&d.;    Nat.  ars  ; 

Sab ad. 
ao&rt€neii»     aphonia  —  Can «^;    Cepa;     ^f/','     Pop-  c,; 

Tcllur. 
IbtOfllllU-  Ch&m. 
laehjymatlon,  tneeEin^— Aeon.:  Ars.:  Ars,  iod,.;  Cam  ph.; 

i7#i»o;  Cham,;  CycL:  Eupkrajt,;  Gdn.:    Sahad^:    Sinap. 

See  Lachrymation. 
PhotopbobU  —  Ars .  I    Bell . ;    Euph  ras. 
ProBtratlODp  lissltude — Ai^.  iod.;    GeIg. 
BctplratlOEip   arittmiatlc  — Ant.  t.:    Ars,  iori  :    Bad.;    /j^^^:. 
ACtTTE   OaOUPO0S  OB   FIBRINOUS    RHINITIS  -  /I  m 

Ciiatt.,    Apis;    Ars.;    Euhin.:    Hep.;     Kali  hick.;    Lach-, 

Mere.  s. 
CHRONIC,  ATEOFHIC  RHINITIS— tSl oca):    Alnm,;  Am. 

c;   Aiir. ;   Citinab^j   EUp«;   Graph.;   Hrp.;    Kali  huh.; 

Kali   iod.:     Lemna   m.;     Lye.;     Merer.;     Sabal;     Sal  ; 

Teucr. ;    Wyeth. 
CEBOKIC,    CATARRHAL    RHINITIS— /I ^Htn.;    Am.    m.; 

Ars*  iod*;     Aut,  mur.;     Bal&.  pcT^;     Bram,;     Cate  (^^; 

Cub-r    Elaps;    Eut^aL;    Htfp.;    Hippoa.;    Hydr.;     Kali 

hick.;    Kali  lod.;    Lemna  m,;    Afrrt.  i.,     Nat.  c. ;    Nat, 

m.l    Nat.  B.;     Pvis.;    Sa^tig.  n.;    Sep.;    Spig,;    Teucr,; 

Thuya. 
PURULENT  RHINITIS  IN  OHILDREN— Alum.;  Cak.  c; 

CycL;    Lyc.r    Nat.  c. 
TTPl    OF  mSCHABDE   IN  RHINITIS-  Acrid,    watery, 

fluexit,  boti  or  thin  miicuK:    Ambms.;    Am.  cauEt.; 

Am.    m.;      Aral.;      Ars.;      Afs.    iod.;      Arvim:      Cepa; 

Cham. I    EueaL:    Gels.:     1 64.;     Kali  iod :     hUrt:,  c; 

Nat.  ara.;    Nat.  tin,;    Nit,  ac;    Sabad.;    Sang.;    Sang. 

n. ;    Sinap. ;    Trif oL 
AlbumlmoUi,   clear,  mucus-- jE&e.;     Kali   bich.;      Kali 

Blmnd  znuoua — EMpknu,,-    Jugt.   e.;     Kali  iad.:     Puis., 

Sep. 
Bloody  mueuf— Ail.;    Ars.  n.;     Arum;      Aur^t    Echin,; 

Hep.;    Merc.  i.  r.;    Penthor.;     Pkos,:    Sang,  n.;    StJ. 
Gr»eD^  T Allow,  tettd    (jnirulmt  or  iiiu.fiO-iBAUf^V«c^Vv— 

^  >l/ijfn.;    Ars.  fod,;  Aur*.     Ba\s.  pCT/,     CaU.  c;    C^aXt. 


742 


RBPIRTORY 


Kali  tick.:    Kali 
Phos,;      FuU.: 

Echin.:     Hep.j 


Hydr.; 
Kf  en. ; 

.;    Sep-; 


Brom.;    Kali 


Kali    iod.; 


Caps.  ■  Cep^r 
Kali  iori. :    Nil 
Puis*  J    Ran.  b.: 


s.:    Dulc.i    Eucal.;    //^^Jk;    Hydr,; 
iod  ;      Ktiii  s.;     Merc;     Nit^   ac^t 
Sflng.  n.:    Sep.;    Thuya-    Tub. 
Msmliraiioui  fonu&tlOD— Am.   caimi.; 
ATa/*  buk.     See  Croupous  RhinitiB. 
Oflenslve,  letld— Ars.  iod.:    Amt,-    Bs.]*,  per.;    Calc.  c 
EchJn.;    Elaps;    Eue^aL;    Hep.:    Hydn;     A'liJi  bfffc  ,' 
Kali  iod.;    Nat.  c;    Nit.  ac:    Sanj.^;    SiL;    Tub. 
ProfUie — AiK;    Am.  m.;    Aral.;    Ar$.;    Ars,  iod*;    Arum; 
Bals.    per.;     Cepn:     Eupkrat^     Hep.;     Kali   biclj.; 
Kali  iod.;    Merc:    Nuxv.;   Pul*.;    Sang.;    Sang,  n.; 
Sep.:    Thuya, 
fl&lty  ta«ttH|: -Aral.;    TeUnr. 

Sc&bB,    crusts,   plus^  —  Aiutti;     Aur.;    Elaps.;     Hydr.; 
Kali  hick,.     Kaolin;     Letuna  m.\    Lye;     Nat.  ars.; 
Nit.  at-;    PetroL;     Puhr,    Sep.:    SiL;    Sticta;    SuL; 
Tgttcr^i    Thuya. 
Thick— Alum.;    Cak.  c.i    Hydr.;    Kali  hick.:    Mefc.  c;  | 

Nat.  c;     Pvh.:  Thuya. 
Unilateral— Calc,  fl.;    Calend.;    Phyt. 
Viscid*  rop7,  itrlngy  — Eov.;   Hydr.;    Kali  hick.:  Sutnb 
Itchlixg   In  nose — Agar.:   Are.  iod.:   Aur. :   Brara.:    Cina; 

Hyrir.;    Sabud.:    Sanion^:    Teucr. 
Nervous  distutbanc*  of — Agar. 
Numbness,  tingling— Ju si.  c;    Nat,  m.:  Ran.  b. 

St  kill. 
OZENA     Odor  twotn:    Alum.;    Ars.  iod.;  Ataf.; 
Aiir,  tnur.;    C'adjn.  s.;    Elaps;    Hep^;    Hippo?-. 
Hydrasi.  mur.;    Iod.;    Kali  bich.;    Kali  iod.; 
Lemna  m.;    Merc,  s.;     Nit.  ac:     Fi<lt.:    Psoi 
TeucT,;    Thuya. 
BypllllltlC— AsaF.;    Aur.;    Crtat.;     Fluor,  ac;    Kali  bic;h 
jVif.  ac. 
FAIN  IN— Boring,  gBaWing:    Asaf,;     Attr. 
ind.;    Mert.  i.  r. 
Bumlns'  ->lr«,;      Ars.    iod.;     Chrom.    a 

Lach.;    Merc.  c.     See  Burning. 
CilMrip  *llke — P  la  t , 

P  re  B  sine  &t  root  of  nose  -A  con .:    Alum 
Cinnab.;    Gels.;    Iod.;     Kali  hick 
ars.;      Nux  v.;     Oniscua;     Paris; 
Bani^-  n.;    Sticta. 

Preislnff  tn  frontal  slnut«m — Iq^.v    Kmli  iod.:    ^^^^ 
Sang. 


NOSE  743 

Bl>lliiter-llke,  atleklns —  .4  li  r.  /  Hep. ;  Kali  bieh , ;   Nit.  ac. 
Throbbing — Hep  :    Kali  iod. 
POSTS  El  OB     NAKEB     (NMO-pliaFytuc) ;     Infiazsmatlan 
of:     Acute:      Acun.^     Camjih.;     Gels.      See    Rhinitis, 
Pharyngitis. 
GlironlG — AuT.:     Elaps;     Hydr.:     Kaii  hick.;     Kali   c.\ 
Merc,  c.,    Sep.;    Spig.;    Sticta;    HtiL;     Tliuya. 

CJxranl&i  with  dioppinK  of  muous— BemMUei  In  Gen^ 

»eral:  Alujn,]  Ant.c;  Ars.iod.;  Aur.;  Coral.;  Hydr.j 
Irid.;     Kal   bich.;    Kali  m,;    Lemna  m.;    Merc.  i.  r. ; 
Nat.  c;    Phyt.;    Sang,  n. ;    Spig.;    Sticta;    Teucr. 
Clear,  acrid,  thlnmuous — Are.  iud. 
Clemr  muctts — Kali  m,;    Mat,  m.:    Solan,  lye. 
LtAJnpy — Usm.;    Teucr, 

TtilolCi  tenacious  yellow  or  white  mucuK — Alum.;  Ant. 
c;    Coral.;    Hydr.;     Kali  bich.;    Lemna  m.;    Spig. 
rmnori  Hi — Chronic  ac. 

SENSE  OF  SMEU.  —Binitiilfihed  i    Al  u  m ;    Cy  d . ;    H  elleb . : 
Mez  ;    Rhod.;    Tab. 
HTpersentltiTfi — Aean,;     Ayar,;      Aut.;      BdL:     Carb, 
nc.;    Carbo  v.;    Cham,;    Graph.;    Lye.;     Mag*  m*; 
A' Hi  v.;    Phos.;    Sabatl.^    Sep.^    Sul. 
Hypersensitive  to  flowera— Graph. 
HTPerseniUtTe  %o  tolmcco— Bell. 

Lost  (Anotmia)  or  pervert ed—>lfH»7i. ;   Am.  m,;   Amye, 
pers.;      Anac;      Apoc.    andr. ;      Aur.;      Kali    bich.; 
Lemna  m.;    Mag.  m.:    jV^i,  m,.     Puis.;   Sanp.:    SiL: 
Teucr,;    Zinc,  mur^ 
Parosmia  (llluslans)  — ^koc;    Apot.  andr.;    Ars.;    Aun 
Bell.;    Calc.  c.:     Kali  btch.;    Mag.  m.;    Merc;    Nit. 
ac  ■     Nus  v,^     Phns,;     Puts.;    Sang, 
BEHSmVEKESS  of  Qose  to  &lr,  touch— A]  um.;  Ant.  c; 
ArUfft;   Aur.;    Hep.;   Kali   bieh.;    Kaolin;    Merc;     Kat. 
m.;    Osm, 

ftHttlBEB— (Antrum,  frontal,  sphenoidal):   Affections  In 
general:    Ars,;    Asaf.;    Bell;    Cak.  c;    Hep.;    lod.; 
Kali    iod.;     Lyc.t     Merc.   i.    fl.;     Merc;     Mez.;     Phoa, 
ac,    PkoM.:    SiL;    Spig.;    Teucr* 
Catarrh  of  frontal  sinuses— I  ad.;    Katiisd.;   Merc  i.  6, 
Pain,  and  swelllns  of  antrum— Phos.;    Spig. 
Syphilitic  affections  of— Aur.;     Kali  %i>d.:    Nit.  ac 
tICE£ZlKG-CStemutatlon>;      Aeon,;      Ambros.;      Aral,; 
AfM.;    Ars.  igd.;    Cam  ph.;     Cfpa;     Cyd.;    Eup.  perf.; 
Gels.;    Iod  ;    I  pec;    Kali  bisb/.     KoU  iod,! 


744  REPBRTORT 

Lob.  cer.;    Naph.;    Nat.  m.;  Sab€ui.;   Sang,  n.;  SciUb; 
Senec;    Sinap.;    Sticta. 
STOPPAGE — Itufllnefiof:  Aeon.;  Am.  c;   Am.  m.;  An.; 
Ars.   iod.;     Arum;     Aur.;   Calc.   c;    Camph.;    Cham.; 
Elaps;    Eucal.;    Hep.;  Kali  bich.;   Kali  c;  Kali  iod.; 
Lye;     Nat.   ars.;     Nux  v.;     Puis.;     Sabad.;     Samb.; 
SanR.  n.;    Sinap. 
StoiipASe  ftltematliiff  nottrili — Am.  c;    Bor.;    Lace; 
Mag.  m.;    Nux  v. 
Swellixic;  in — Antipyr.;    Ars.  iod.;  Aur.;  Aur.  s.  a.;  Bar. 
c;   Calc.  c;   Kali  bich.;  Lemna   m.;    Merc.   i.  r.;  Nit. 
ac;    Sabad.;    Sep.     See  Inflammation. 
ULCERATION  OF  SEPTUM— Alum.;   Aur.;  Brom.;  Hydr.; 
Kali  bich.;    Kali  iod.;    Merc,  c;    Sil.;    Vinca. 
Ulceratlong,     lyphilltio — Aur.;      Coral.;       Kali    iod.; 
Lach.;    Merc,  aur.;     Nit.  ac. 
Wet  feelins  in— Penth. 


FACE 


FACE 


APPEABANCE    AND    CONDITION- Anemic,    &labaster- 
lUie,  wax«n;    Acet.  ac;   Apis;    .4r*,;    Fcrr,  m,:    Lach.; 
Mtrc   c;    Sep. 
Blo&teil,  puHy— iSth.;     Am.  banz.i     Apisj     Arx.;    Bor. 

ac:    Calc.  c;    Ferr.  m.;     KaH  c;    Helleb,;    Lach.; 

MEtiiisaT    Merc  c;    Op.;    Phot,;    Taxus;    Xerophyl. 
Bloated  ^boilt  «y«i — Am,    bena,;     Bor,   ne  ;     Aferc.  c; 

Nal.  c;     Phos.;    Thlaspi^    Xerophyl. 
Bloated  about  lower  ejen—Aph;    Xerophyl. 
Bloated  about  upper  eye»— K&li  c. 
Blue*    UvM    (©FMiCiiUi— Abfiinth.;      Am.    c:     Ant.    i.; 

Arff.  It.:    Ars.;    Camph,;     Carho  v,:    Chlorum;    Cic.f 

Cina;    Crot.;     Cupr.  ac;    Cupr.  m,;     Dig.;    Hydrac. 

Of;;      Ipec;      Lach.;       Morph.;      CEnanthe,;     Op.; 

Samb.;   Sec.;    Strych.;    Tab.;     Ver.  q.     See  Circtila- 

tory  Syatpin, 

Blue  ring!  around,  dull  looklns  ey ei —  A  bro  t . ;  Acet ,  a^c .  p 

Aft.;     Calc.    c;      Cam  ph.;     Clna;      Cinch.;     Ipec.; 

CEfiart/Ar;      Pho«-      ac;       Phos.:      Santon.;      Sec: 

Staph.;    Tab.;     K^r.  a. 
BluihlnC— AmyL;    Carbo  ao, 
Distorted— Art.    v,;     Camph 

in;    Crnt,;    Helleb.;     Op. 

Earthy,  dirty,  aallow,  e&obeotlc 

v.;    Camph  :    Cawst.;    CheU 


Carl*.  S    Cf^a;    Perr. 
Cic,;    Cupr.  ac.;     Cupt 
Sec;    Stranir 
-Ai:et.  ac;  AfM. 
Cinch,;    lod.; 


Merc,  c, ;     jV^/, 
Kec;    Spp.;    Staph. 

Exp  re  I  lion    aikxlout,    suffering 


Phos.  ac;     Pfuniili.  mn,; 


Berb, 
Lyc.j 
Psof,; 


-v€^A; 


Art.f 


Eor.; 


Strom.;   Strych.; 


Camph,;    CanUi.;    Jod.;    Merc. 
Tab. 
Expression  drowsy,  stupid — AiK;    Apis;    Bapt,;    GH».; 

Helleb,^    Op.;    Rhus  t. 
Greasy,  ©ily*  Ihiny—  Nat.  m.;     Flumb*;    Sanie;    Thuyat. 
Hlppocratlc    (sleldyr  sunlcen,  deatlily    cold)— Aeon. ; 
A  Hi.  t.;    Am.;     An.;    Camph.:    Carbn  v,;    Helleb,; 
I  Plumb,  m.;   Sec;    Tab,;     V*r.  Q.;   T-irns,  t&- 

I    jAundicmd,  yellow — A  rt .;   Bl  a  ti  ^  am . ;   Cttr\io  v  .\  CViAj 


7^S  REPERTORY 

ChiQnanth;    Cinch,;    Hep.;    Lach^;    Lye;    M§n.d., 

Myr.;    Nat.  s.;    Nmxv,;    OLj*ae.t    Plumb,  m.;  Sei}, 

Tarax.'    Yucca,      See  Jayndice. 
P»l« — Abrot*;    A£*t.  ac,;    Aeon,;     Ant.  i.,'    Apis:    Ar^. 

II.;     Art.;    Berb,  v^\    Calc.  c;     Camph.-    Carbo  v.; 

CtRn;    Ciipr.  m.;    Pert,  ac,';    Ftrr.  mur,;    Ferr.  rtd,: 

Kelleb,;    Ipec^;     Kalt  c^;     Lach,;     Af^rc.  c*    Merc. 

d,;     Morpb-;     Plumb,   m.;     Puis.;     Sa>«l0rt.;    Sec, 

Sep*;    Staph.;    Tab.;     Ver.  a.,'    Zine*  in. 
B ed,  fluibedi  hott  florid —  ,4  f  £t ri , ;    A m v  1. ;    B apt. ;    ^Wl,. 

Bry*:      Cantb,;     Caps,;      Farr,    p.;      Gels.;     Gloii.; 

Afdi*/    Myg.;    Op.;    5£(«g.;    Stil.;    Vgr.  i\ 
Bed,  becomfls  deatbly  pale  on  r|i^iig^.4i:0tt,.*   Ver.  a. 
Bed, dark, ducky, besotted, bloated — A4L;  Apis;   B&pt.; 

Bry+;    Carb.  ac*;    I7els.;    Lach.;    Mvrpk.;    Nux  v,; 

O^.;    Rbus  t. 
Bed,  distorted— Ci>,;   Cupr,  ac, ;    Cwi*r,  w./   Ctat.;  Op.; 

Bed,  flufl]i«d  after  eating  — .\lum.;  Carbo  an.;    Carh,. 

Strunt. 
Bed,  flusbedt  from     emotion,     piin — Acdu.  ;      Auiyl; 

Coca;     F^rr.  m. 
Bed,  semi -lateral  -Aeon.;  Cham.;  Cina;  Droa,;  Nux  v 
Sensitive,  after  neurmlela — Cod. 
Swea tills  0i—A<^i.  ac;    Amyl.;     Ani.  I,;    Are,;    Cham,; 

Qlon.;    Sarah.;      Ver.  a.;    Viola  tr. 
Sweating,    cold— .4m/.    t.;     Ar*.;     Cam  ph.;     Cnrbo  i'-; 

Cina;    EuphorVna;    Lob.  infi.;    Tab.;     IVf.  a,^  Zinc. 

mur* 
Sweatlnif  on  foreltead — Cham.;  Euphorbia;  Op.^  Vtr,  a^ 
Swelling    ol^Acon,;     Antjpyr.:      Apis;     Axs,;     BtU., 

Colch.;     Helleb,;     Lach.;     Merc,    c»;     Op.;     Pbo^.; 

RkuE  t.;    Veapa;    Vipera. 

Wrinkled,  shJlTellod,   old  looking— A lirot,;     Ah.  « . 
Bar.  c;    Con,;    F1u£»t.  ac,;    Kreos.;    L^c;    Nat.  m  . 
0^.,'    Sanic,;    Sars.;    SU. 
BOHZS~(Faoial);   Cartel  of ;    Cistus. 
Inflammation  of — Aur, 
Falniln- Arg.  n.;    AstraL;    Aar.:   Canst,;    Dulc.   /iff. 

Mtrc;    Nit,  a  p.  d.;    Ph&s,;   Zinc.    • 
SansltiTe^.4.ur.;    Hep,;   Kali  bieh.     See  Jaws. 
CHEEKS— Bites  when  oltewlng;    Caust.;    tgM>    01  an 
Btirnlng  ln--Eu;jh*jrb  ^     Ferr.  p,;     Nit,  *p,  d*      See  SeO' 
s&lions. 


FACE 


749 


Eruptlonf — Ant.    c;     Dulc.;     Lwd.     Bee   Eruptiona   on 

Face. 
Lump  In^ — Antipyr. 

Fatni  In — Agar.;    Ver.  a.     See  Prosopalgia. 
a«(ltk«iE  Qt^Caps,:     Cic.;    Coff.;    Colch.:    Euphorbdii; 

Euphras,      See  Red  Face. 
Bedneii,    unilateral — Aeon.;      Cham,;     Cina:      Bros.; 

NuK  y, 
ipotit  olrcusisori1>ed«  red,  bumlne — Benz.  ac;    Cina; 

Ferr.  nitir. ;    Lack.  n. ;     Phos.;    Sanib.;    Sang. 
Swelling  of — Aeon. I    Bo  v.;    Calc.  fl.;    Euphorb.;    Kali 

m.\     Plant,-    Plat.      See  Swellmi;  of  Face. 
Tliaglln^f  numbness  of — Aeon.;  Plat. 
CHIN — Eruptions  oni    Ant.  c;    Cic;    Graph.:     Nat.  m.; 
Rhus  t,;    SiL;    S«^  iodr.    Zinc.  ,.  .    . 

^  EBUPTIOHB  ON  FACE —Acne  Eoaacea:    Af$.  hf.;  Carbo 
an.;    Chrysar, ;    Eug.  j.;    Kreos. ;    Ophur.;    PsDr^;    Sal.; 
Sulpburaus  ac. 
AlUie     tlmpl^SC — Ambra;    Antn    c;    Btrh,    ag.;    Calc.    s.; 

Cim^i     Cleni*;     Crot,    t.;     Ettg.   j.;     Graph.;     Iti6.,\ 

Ju^L  r.;    Kaliars.;    KaJLc;    Lwd,;    Nuxv.;    Sul. 
Cancerj  open  bleeding — CIstua. 
ConiedOOe^ — Ahrot.;    Euy.  j.;    Jugl.  r.;    SuL 
CrusU-Uctea — Calc.  c;    Rhus  i.;    Viola  tr.      See  Scalp. 
Eczema — Ars.;     Carb.    ac;     Crot.    t,;      Graph.;     Led,; 

Sul.;    SuL  iod.:      Vinca;    Viola  tr. 
EpltheUoiti*— Kali  s, 

Erytlpelas — Apia;    Anac.  oc;     Ananth.;     BelL;    Bar  ; 
I  Catiih.;   Euphorb.;    Perr.  mur^;    Gmph*;   Gymnocl.; 

'  ttcp,;    Rhu$L;    Ver.  v, 

Er7tb«mA — Ars.  iod.;    Bell.;  Condur.;  Eckin.;    Euphor- 
bia;   Graph.;    Nux  v. 
Furuncles — Altttn.;    Am*  ^r,    Calc.  p.;    Hep.;    Lid, 
Herpes    i  tetter ) — A  n  ac ,   y  c . :     Can  I  h . ;     Cle  m, ;     Dnlc.  ; 

Euphorb.;    Lye;    Nat.  m,;    Rkux.  t 
Huniild,  moist— Dulc;    Graph.;    Psor. 
Lea  tlEO  (freckles) — Iris  germ.;    Mur.  ac;    Nat.  c-    Nit, 

ac;    SuL;    Tab.;    Thuya. 
,        Lupus— Cist  us. 

Pustules  — ^K/.f.;   BelL;   C&ic.s.;  Cic;   Hep.;  In4iiim; 

Merc  r  , 

Bough,  ha^rali — Berh,  aq.;    Petrol. 
Scabs,  crusts,  scurf s^Cic;    Cistus. 
Scales  — Ars.;    Eupliorbja. 


750  REPERTI 


Spotit  copper  colored — Benz.  ac;    Car  ft  o  an.;    Lye* 
Spott,  yellow— Nat.  c;   Sgp. 

BpotifT9^—Befb,aq.;    Euphorbia;    Kali  bich.;    ITfllic.; 
Oensnthe;    Petrol. 
STPHILIB^— Areolee,  p&piilea:    Kali  md. 
Copper  spoti — Carboan.;    Lye;     Xit.  ac, 
Crufits  areolw — Nit.  ac. 
Pustulei — Kali  iod.;    Nit^  ac. 
Tuberolei — Carbo  an.;    Fluor,  ac. 
Warta  — Calc,  c:    Castorea;    Cans*. 
Whlakerf  falling  oat — Selen.     See  Scalp. 
Wblikeri  ttohlng— Cak.  q.     See  Skin, 
Forelie&cl    feels    Gontr&cted,    wrlnlded — Bapt.t      Bdlis; 

Grat.:    Heiieb,;    Lye;     Phos.;    Pritnula,, 
JAWS— Cmckilig    wh^i    chewing:     Granat,;      Nit.    ac; 
RhuA  t. 
DlBloeateil  easy — Ign.;     PeiroL;    Rhus  t.;    Staph. 
Qrowtliep    swelling    on — Amphi^.;      Ca/c.    ^,-     tUkla; 

Thuya- 
PalB   In — Amphis.;     Am.    pier.;     Arum;     Bapt.    conf.; 

Catisi.;    SanR.;    SphingHr,;    Spfg.;    Xaitth. 
StUmeii    of    (Triimui,    loeltjaw)— Abflfnth,:      Aeon,; 
Bell.:      CauBt.;      Cic.,-      Cupr.     m.r      Cut,\      Dtalc; 
Hydroc.    ae;      Hyper.;     ign,,'    Morph.,'    Oenantli?; 
PhysoBi,;    Strych.;    Ver.  a. 
Trembling  of  — Alum.;    Cadm.  s.;    Geh. 
LOWER  JAW     Carlei^  necroKli  of;   Am  phis.;  PUgs.:  Sil 
Ch  c wing ,  mo  tion    of  —  A  c  o  n, ;      S  el  L :      Bry . ;      H^ii&b. ; 

StraiTiH 
Epulis— Pi umb.  ac;    Thuya. 
Hanging  dawn,  relaxed — Ars,;    Gels.;    Helleb.:    Ladi,; 

Lye;    Mar.  ac;    Op. 
Pain  In— Caust.;    Xanth.      See  Ja^vs. 
Swelling  of"Amphis.;    Phoi. 
UFFEB  JAW— Affections  C»f  Antrum  Of  Hlglimore :   Chtl ; 
Com  mod.;      Euphorb.     amys,;     Kali    iad.;      Kali   %, 
Mag,  c;    Merc,  c;    Paris;     Pkoa.;    Tilia. 
Pain  In — Euphorbia;     Fluor,  at:.;     Merc.   i.   r.;     Phm,; 

Polyeron.;   Spig. 
Tumor  of— Hekla. 
MUSCLES— t  Facial  J    0if  tor  tion  of  (.rlsus    sardonlcttf): 
Cic,;    Cupr,  ac,;    Op.;    See.;    Straiti. 
Pain    In — Anac;     Cocc;     Colch  ;     Oxytr.;     S»li.     See 
Prosopalgia. 


1 


FACE  751 

Faralysli  Of— Bell's  |«lsy.      Aeon;  Am.  ?ho%.;    BelL; 
Cadm.  s.;     Cau:it.;     Coci.\  ;     Dulc;     Furinica;     Geifi.; 
Graph, :     Hyper.:     Kali  iod,;     Merc,  c^  k,;     Rhus  1,; 
Ruta;    SencKa;    Zinc,  pier* 
Leftside — Cadm-s.;    Senega, 
Blglit  tilde  — BelL:    Canst. 
StlfXneai  of— Absinth.:     Agar.:    Bapt.;     Gels.:     Helod. 

Sec  Trismtts, 
Twltctiliis*     »P*.»modli!,    ot—ARiif.;      At«.    n.;      Bell,; 
Caust. :       Cic;       Gels, ',       Hyoji.;       /^JK-T       L&byrn.: 
Menyanlh.;     Af>'g.;    Ociianthc:    Op.;    Sec;    Visc.il. 
PROSOFALOtA— ?a1ii  (Faoe-acb«) : 

TYF£ — Oott^ettlve,  Infiamm&tory,  neur^lirtc;  Acgh, 
A^ar.;  Aran:  Arg.  n,:  Ars,;  BgU.;  Cact,:  Caust.; 
Ctd.;  Cim,;  Cinch,:  Coff.j  CoLj  GeU.;  Hekla;  Kali 
iod,;  Kalip,;  KaL:  Mce.;  Nit.  sp,  d,;  Phos,;  Plant.: 
rip.t.;  Puis.:  Rhus  Xr,  Spi^.;  Sul :  Thuya  1  Tilia; 
V^efbaAC.;  Zinc,  p. 
Eefleit  froni  decayed  teetb^C off.  tosta.:  Hekla. 
RbeunuLtlc  —  Ai:on  :     Act.   sp.:     CaHsi,;     CoL:     Dulc.; 

Pulfi,;     Rhod.;     Rhus  i.;    Spig. 
Syphllltla  Lmerourlal)-  Kali  inrl.;    Mez. 
Toil c  { mala rl al^  guinlna )  -  -  Ars. ;    Cinch . 
lliOCATION— Eyei ;    Cim.;    Clem.;    Paris:    5 pig,;    Thtiya. 
See  Eyes. 
Jaw,    lower — A^nphi^^;     Calc.    c;      Lachn;      Nit.  sp-    d,; 

Rkod^;     Xatith. 
J&Wt  uprper — Amphis.;     Bisra.:     Catc.   can^L;     Cham.; 
Dulc:     Ettpkorb.  amyg,;    Graph.:     Iris:     Kali  cy.; 
Kali  iod,:     Me^.;     Paris:     Verba^jc^ 
Jaw,  upper  (Infra-orbltalj  — Irk:    Mez.;    J\'ux  v. 
JB.W  upper  tQ  taethi  tempi etp  ears,  eye i,  malar  tionei  — 
Act.:      Arg.    n.;      Bism,;      Cham.;      Clem.;      Coff.; 
Dulc;     Kali  cy.;    MffZ.;    Rhod.;    Spig.;    Verbal c 
Malar    bonel     (ssygoma)  — Aur.;     Cak.    cafnit.;     Cipi,; 
Hydrocot.:        Paris;        Plat.;       SphiKgur  ;       Spig.; 
Strych.:    V^erbasc. 
tliLllateral,   left — Aeon.;     Arg.    mr,     Cai,;     Hydrotot; 

Lack.;    Paris;    Senec;    Spig.;    Verbasc, 
milla«eral,  right— Aran;     CacL;    Ced.;    Clem,;    Coff.; 
Hyper-;     Kal.;     Puh. 
TYPE  OF  FADT— Cram.p-llke  drawing,  preiKtog;    Bism,; 
Bry.;    Cacr^    Cocc;     Mei.;     PhU.;      Verbasc 

Cuttingf  tearln^^  Jerklog,  s  tit  chins » rendVn&— Kta^V\&^ 


753  RKPERTORY 

Arit.:     Aur,,    Caust^.;     Ckam.;     Col.;     Dulr. ;    Phr*.; 

Puis.:     RlinrK;    Soncc:    Spig, 
O  radu&l  on  set  uut  o  e  station — Plat.;    S  t^ti  n . 
Gradual  on^et  and  sudden— Am.  m.:     Bwll.;     pMh. 
Hot  neeitles,  penetrating— Ara. 
Icy  needles^  penetrating— A  ^;ir 
Lancinating,  paroxysmal  *   llghtnln^-llke,   Ti4Utlns-- 

Ar^^   n.\     Bell.;     Cocc;     Coi.:    Gets.;     He|i.',      Kali 

Periodical, intermittent— C act.;   r^A.;   Cinch.:  Grftph; 

CONCOMITANTS     Aold,     lOur     eiuotatloni:       Ar^.     n.; 
Verha-s-t!. 

Canine  himger,  preceded  by  coldneii  -Duk. 

Catarrh  (corjsa,  laohrymatlon)-    Vcrb«£e. 

ChinineBS— Col.;     DliIc.^     Puh  ;    RHub  t. 

CHstxalgla,  alternating—  Ftism. 

Lachrymatlon-  Niix  v.;    Pub.;    Verba* c. 

Mental  IrrltatJlUty  —  C/mw.;   Coff.;    Nux  v 

Numbness  -Aeon.:    Plat. 

Photophobis— Nit.  sp.  rL 

F  toils— ads. 

Eei tl eisnei s,  palpi tatlom — >STii g . 

Tenderness    to    touoli — Aeon.;      BtlL:     Cimk.^     Col,; 
H«p.;    Paris;    SpiK^t     Verbasc. 

Vlslcm  veiled— TihH. 
MODALITIES  —Aggravation:     From    oliewlnsi  opening 
mouth:    Cncr  ,     tlnllcb  ;     Ifep. 

From  cold,  dry  exposure — Accn.;    Coff.i    Nit.  sp.  d. 

From  coldf  wet  exposure— Ceil.  ^    Dulc;    Rhus  t. 

From  oontac  t,    touch  —  BtU . ;     Cin^k . ;     Col  * :      H&  p. ; 
Pa  ris  ;    S  pig . ;    Verba4i  C- 

Ea  tlngr  drinking —  B  is  m . ;    Iris;    M*?. , 

Eating,  motion — Col. 

Eating,  motion p  stooplnSi    ]ari    etc.— /9^/r.'     Ferr,    p.; 

From  rest — Ma^.  c    Rhus  t. 

From  talking,  tneeilnc,  ohange  ol  temperature,  presi- 
Ure  of  teeth  — Vorbasc. 

From  tea— e^elcn.;    Thuya. 

From  warmth — G!cjti.;    Kali  a  ^    Puis. 

In  a/temoon— Coco. 
In  dayfilioe— Ced.;    Spie- 
in  ttvtniii^t  night—  A  f s . ;    Mfs* . ' 


FACE 


75J 


AMBLIORATIOK— Fromi  eHewlos!    Cujir.  at. 

From  cold  ^ppllc^tlonti  cold. — BtEm.;    Cltm,:    Kali  p,; 
Puis. 

From  eating— Rh«d* 
From  pre ssufo — Cinch,;    Co^.;    Rhod. 
From  r«5t — Col, 

From  warmth— C^i.;    Cupr.  ac;    Mta.     Sco  Modalities. 

SSNSATIONS^BuTnlnff;     Agar,;     A^rost,;     Ars.;    Arum: 

Canih,;    Capi.:    Cina;    Eupharbia;    Senega;    Stront.; 

SuL;    Viola  tr- 

Col}W«tts  dried  on,  at  if — Alum..  Bar.  ac;    Bor.;   0rom.; 

Euphorbia;    Graph,;    Phos.ac;    Ran<  s. 
Coldneii — Abrot.;    Agar,;    Ant^  t.:    Caw  ph.;    Carbo  v.] 
Drr>5,;     Hthd.;     Phns.    ac. ;       Vtr.   a.      See    Hippo- 
I  cratic  Fate. 

Formleation    (numbness,    tlngilngp  crawling)— ,4  c cin,, 

Colch.;    Gytnnod  ■.    Hclod.;    Myr.;     Ptat. 
ItcbJn^ — Agar,:    Myr,;    Stront. 
TXC-DOULOUBEUX  —  Aean.;      Aeonit.;     Ananth.;     Arg, 
'  n.;      Ar*.;     BelL;     Caps.;      Coccinei,:      Geitt,;     Glon,; 

'  Kali    chlfjr. ;      Kali  iod.;     Mog.    p,;     Nat.   s.;      Pkos.: 

Slaph.;      Sul.;      Thuya;     Ycrbasc.      See    Prosopalgia, 
Trifacial  Neuralgia. 


MOUTH 


BB£ATH,    0Old— Cam ph,:     Carbo    v.;     Cislus:     Euphofb* 

dathn-    Helod-    Jatropha;    Tab,;    Tereb. ;     Vtr.  a. 
Br«itli^  oflenslTe  (fetof  orl«)— Abies  n.;    Alum.;  Aw. 

€.;    Am.:    Ars  ;    Aitf.;    Bapt.-    Bor>    Caps.;    C^rfr. 

ac;     Carbo    v.;     Chel.;     Daphne;     Relleb.;     lod,; 

Kalagua;     Kali  per.:     Kali  p.:     Kali  tdl:     KreoS  ; 

Mere,  c;    Mtrc*  d*;    Men:,  m.;    Mur   ac.;     A*a|.  t^li^; 

Nit.  dr.;    Nux  v,;    Petrol.;     Ptih.;    Sitiap.;    Spig.; 

SuL  ac. 
IXTEBNAIi   MOUTH— CommliSUTei    tCOflieri»;    Calor: 
p  early  whi  t  e  abou  t ;    *€  t  h , :    Tt «  j ,-   S  a  n  t  on . 
Color,  yellow  about— Sep. 
Cracki^  ulcerations  of — Ant,  c,;    Ars.;     ,4  rum;    Bo  v.; 

Condur. :    Echin.;    Eup.  perf.;    Graph.;    H*/>.;    Nat, 

ai.:    A'*i.  oc;    Petrol,;    Rhus  t. 
Bruptlcmi  around — Ars.;   Echin.;    Gf<iph.t   Hep.;    Mea.; 

Mur.  ac;    Nat.  m.;    Senega. 
LIFE— Black;    .4rs,,    Merc,  c;    Vipera, 

Blue,  oyasoied- Cam ^fc.;    Carbo  y.;    Cupr.  %.;     Dig.; 

Hydroc.  ac;    Ver.  a.;    Zinc.      S^e  Face. 
Burning,    bot,    parched — Arn.;      .4r#.;      Arum;      Bf>\; 

I  Hie;    Rhus  t,;    Sut,:    Thyr. 
Caucet    Of — Atm,;      Ars.    iodn:      H^dr.;      Kreos,:      Sep.;., 

Tab.;    Thuya, 
Cli«wliig  mottcm  Of — Aeon.;    fielL;     Bry.;    Kelleb, 
DiKtortion  of^.4rt,   v,;     Cadm,   s.;     CiV, ;     C u p r .   a c . ;  | 

Cut.;    Stram. 
Dryneii  of — Ant.  c;     Bry.i    Helleb.;    Mur.  ac;     Wal, 

wj,,'    Nux  m.;    Phos.  ac;    Rhui>  t. ;    SuL     See  Burn- 
ing, 
ErUpUoni — Acae:    Bor.;    Sars.;   Sul.  i&d.    , 
GradCi*    uleeratlons— Ars.;      Arum;     Bry.;      C^m^up,; 

Echin.;      Graph.;     Mur.    ac;     Nat,    m.;      Nii.    ac,,- 

Rhus  t.,    Sil. 
Oracki  In  middle  of  lowtr  Up— Am,  c;    Htp^;  JVal,  m.; 

Puis,;   Sep. 
M^rpoM    thydTOAt    cold-aoTet)   -Krelt.-,     CQfi,v  ij 


758  REPERTORY 

Frax.  am.;    Med.;     Nat.  m.;    Rhus  /.;    Sep.;    Sul. 

iod.;    Upas. 
Foam  at  the  mouth— Cupr.  ac. ;    Cupr.  m.;    Hydroc.  ac.; 

Hyos.;     Lyssin;     Oenanthe;    Op.     See  Convulsions 

(Nervous  System). 
Olued  together — Can.  ind. 

Numhnegg,  tingling  Ot—Acon.;   Crot.;    Echin.;    Nat.  m. 
Pain,  gor«neil—i4 rum;    Bor.;    Calc.  s.;    lUic;    Rhus    t. 
Picki  them  until  they  hleeA-m-Arum;  Helleb. 
Bed,  bleeding — Arum;    Kreos. 
Bed,  crimion— 5«/.;   Tub. 
Swelling  of— Antipyr.;     Apis;    Bov.;     Medusa;     Merc. 

c;    Rhus  v.;    Vipera. 
Swelling  of  lower — Puis.;    Sep. 
Swelling  of  upper— Apis;     Bell.;    Calc.  c;    Hep.;    Nat. 

c;    Psor.;    Rhus  t. 
Twitching,     gpasmodic    oi—Agar.;      Art.     v.;      Cim.; 

Gels.;    Op.;    Strych. 
INNEB    MOXTTH— (Buccal    cavity):      Bleeding,    after 
tooth  extraction :   Bov.;   Ham. 
Burning,    smarting    in — Apis;      Ars.;      Arum;     Bell.: 

Bor.;     Canth.;     Carb.    ac;     Ferr.    p.;     Iris;     Sang.; 

Vespa. 
Canker-sores — Agave;    Ant.  c;    Arg.  n.;    Echin.;    NU. 

ac;      Mur.     ac;      Sal.     ac;      Sul.      See     Aphthous 

Stomatitis. 
Coldness  of — Cistus;    Coccinel.;    Sinap.;     Ver.  a. 
Drsrness  of — Apis;    Ars.;    Bell.;    Bry.;    Dub.;    Iris  ten.; 

Kali    bich.;     Kali    p.;     Lach.;     Lye;      Merc,    per.; 

Morph.;    Nat.  m.;    Nux  m.;   Puis.;    Rhust.;    Sang.; 

Senec;    Tereb. 
Dryness,  yet  no  thirst — Apis;    Lach.;    Lye;    Nux  m.; 

Puis. 
Glands  salivary,   cellular  tissue  inflamed— Anthrac. ; 

Bry.;    Hep.;    Merc 

STOMATITIS— Inflammation    of:     In   general:     Aeon.; 

Arg.  n.;    Arum;     Bapt.;    Bell.;     Bor.;    Caps.;     Hydr.; 

Kali  chlor.;    Kali  m.;    Merc  c;    Merc    s.;    Nat.    m.; 

m.;    Nit.  ac;    Sinap.;    Sul.;    Vespa. 

Aphthous     (thrush)— ^th.;      Ant.*    t.;      Ars.;      Bapt.; 

Bor.;     Bry.;     Eup.    arom.;     Hydr.;     Hydrast.    m.; 

Kali  chlor.;    Kali  m.;    Merc  c;    Merc,  a.;    Mur.  ac; 

Nat.  m.;     Nit.  ac;     Rhus  gl.;    Sars.;    Semperv.  t.; 

Sul.  ac. 


Hydrasi.  m  ;    M^g, 


Kali 
Murl 


Nit+  ac;     Upaa.     See 


chlor.; 
Sill. 
OanfffetLoui*  Ktmia,  Cancrum  orii — An.:    Bapt. 

chEor. :      Krcos,;     Lach.;     .Men:.,  f,;     Mert:.  3^; 

iu\;    Sec;    SuL  ac. 
UlceratlYO — Agave;      Alnus;      Am.    n.:      Ars.;      Bor, 

Cinttub.;    Coryd,;    Hep.;    Hydrax.  m.;    Kali  chlor. 

Kali  ty.;     Afirrc.  c.;     Merc,  ti.;     Mi.tr.  ac;      iVi^  ac,; 

Nit.  mur.  ac:    Rhus  )?1.:    SulphurDUS  ac, 
Itchlnji  In  -  Anindtr;    Kali  bkh, 
Mucouf  membr^iie  glossy,  ai  it  wnlshed— ^l^is.-    Nit. 

ac;     Terelj. 
HuGOua  membrane  pallid— Miirt>h. 
MucouB  membrane  red,  dusky — Ma  pi.;    LacJi.:    Morph.; 

Phyi. 

Mucous  memtiraiie  red,  tumid,  wittiffiay-baieduleeri — 

Kali  chlor.      See  Stomatitis. 
Pain  In — Awum:    Hep,;     Merc. 

Stomatitis. 
PAIiATE-  A|»hthae  on:    Agave. 
BlUten  on  —Nat.  %. 
Coatinc,  creamy  on— Nat.  p, 
Conitrt  c  tioHi  lera  tolxtng  of— A  co  n , 
Edema  of— Apis. 
Elongated     Strych.     Sec  Uvula. 
I  %  chlngs,  tl  ckllng  of  —Q  els . 
NecroftlK  carld£  of— .4Kr..    Merc.  cy. 
Red>  iwoUen— Aeon.;    .4^**;    -4r«»f; 

Kali  tod.;    Merc.  c. 

Itriceration,   rmwnesi   of— Ant,   c.; 

Merc,  c;     A'i*.  uc.      See  Throat, 

ITAI.IBM-- Saliva,    Incraaaed:    Acet.    ac;      Allitim 

Ant,  c.;    vlrHirj;    Cham.;    Colch,;     Cupr.    m,;    I^daphne; 

Differ    Dtilc^;    Epiphrg.:    Euphorb.;    Granat,;    Jabar. r 

lod.;    Ip0£*;    I  fit;  Kali  chlor.;    Katt.,  tod.:   Lact,    ac,; 

Lob,  in ^.;    Merc.c;    Merc,   ey.;    Merc,  d.;    Merc,  i,   r.: 

\Met€.   f..'     Mez,;     Miiscar*;     Nat.    m.;    Nit.   ac*;    Nil* 

LMur,  at;.:   Piloc-:   Pteh;    Pub.;   Sarfe.;  Sy/'/i.;    TnfoL 

|ter  eatlne-  Allium  s. 

L  mereurlall  zatton —lod,;    N 1 1 .  ac , 

presnanoy — Gmnm.:     Jahor,;      ^^j^..-      Mtre,; 
MuRcar,;    Nit.  ac.j    Piloc,     See  Pregnancy  (FeinalB 
I  Sexual  Systcro), 


Bell.;    Fiuor.  ac; 
Arum:     Cinnab.; 


4 


760  REPERTORY 

Durincileep — Cham.;  Coccinel.;  Mtre.;   Rheam,  Syph. 
Saliva  acrid*  hot — Arum;    Daphne;    Kalichlor.;   Taxus 
Bitter — Atham. 
Bloody — Antipyr.;     Art.;     Mag.    c;     Merc;      Nit.  ac. 

Nux  V. 
Fetid,  Ofleniive  -  7o(/.;     Mancin.;     Merc,   d.;     Merc,  s 

Psor. 
Frothy,   cotton-like — Aqua   mar.;     Berb.   v.;     Nux  v. 

Phos.  ac. 
Bopy,  tenacioug,  glimy,  soapy— Am.  m.;    Ant.  c  Arg 
n.;      Dulc;      Epiphejg.;     Hydratt.    m.;     Iris;     Kali 
chlor.;    Lyssin;    Merc,  s.;    Myr.;    Piloc. 
Salty — Ant.  c;    Euphorb.;    Nat.  m. 
Sweetilh— Merc. ;    Puis. 
Watery — Asar.;    Nat.  m. 
ULCERATIONS— Sorenegg    of    mouth:  Alum.;  Arg.    n.. 
Arum;    Bor.;    Caps.;    Hep.;    Hydratt.  mur.;  Merc,  c; 
Merc,  s.;    Mur.  ac. ;     NU.  ac;    Nux  m.;    Phyt.;    Ran. 
s.;    Rhus  gl.;    Sinap.     See  Stomatitis  (Ulcerative). 
Ulcerationg,    syphilitic,    mucoug    pateheg — Cinnab.. 
Kali  bich.;    Merc,  c;    Merc,  nit.;    Merc.  p.  r.;    Kit. 
ac;    Still.;     Thuya.     See  Male  Sexual  System. 
Varicose  veins  in —Ambra;   Thuya. 


TONGUE 


TONGUE 


COATING  AN1>   COLOR- Black! Bh r     Ar.^.;     Lye;     Merc. 

cy,^    Merc,  d.;     Off.:    Vipera^ 
Blulib,  liTldp  pale — Cupr.  a.:     Digr;     Gymnoci.;    Merc. 

cy,;     AioTph,:     Mur,  ac;    Sec,;      Ver^  a.;    Vipera. 
BrowiilSll  — Am*  c;     Ant,   t.;      At9,;     Bry.;     Cupr,   are,; 

Med.i     Mtirc.  cy.;    Morpii. ;    V^ipera. 
BrownlBb,    dry— AiL;     Ant.    t.;      Art.,     Bapt.'      Bry,; 

T^ach.;    Hhu9  L;    Spongia,;    Tart,  ac.;    VipRra. 
Cle«A — Afs.;    Asnt.;   Cma;    Coryd, ;    Dir.;    Ipec:    Mag. 

p.;    Pyr. ;    Sep. 
Habby,  molit,  with  Imprinti  of  teetti— CheL;    Hydr.; 

Kali  bich,^    Merc,  c;    Mtrc.  d.;    Merc,  s.;    Nat.  p.; 

Pad,:    Pyr.;     Rhus  t.;     Vwcca. 
Toul,  clean  at  menstrual  nlsua — Sep. 
Furred-   Ars.;     Bapt.;    Canth.;     Card,   m.;    Chin,  ara.; 

Coca;    Fcrr.  pier.;    Guaiac;    Myt.;    Nhxv.;   Rumex, 

Sec  "White. 
araFlsh -white  hafie—  KqU  m. 
Mapped      .\ni,  c;    Ara.:     Kali  hick.;    Lat^h.:    Merc,  v,; 

Nat.  w-,-    Nit.  ac;    Rhus  t.;    Tarai.;    Terob. 
Red — AcQjt,;     Apis;     An.:     Bor.    ac;     Canth.:     Croi,; 

Hyoa.i     Kali  hick.;    Rhus  t, 
Red,  dTj»  SBpeclallj  center— Ant.  t. 
Red    edges— Ant.    t,;     Bapt.;      BelL:     Canth.,-      ChaL; 

Kcliin.;    Merc,  i.  fl,;    Merc:    Pod.;    Rhus  t.;    SuL 
Red  edgei,  white  center— Rhus  t. 
Red,  In   center,   or   streaks-  Ant.    t.;     Ars.:     Canst.; 

Crot.;     Vcr,  v. 
Redp  papiUffi  pale  effaced- Allium  s. 
Red,  paplllse  prominent— >lffi.  n.\    Ars*;     Beli.,     Kali 

btch  ;    Lye;     Mcz.;     Niijt  m.\     Ptsi.^    Tereb. 
Red,  T3.w—Arttm:   Ars. 
^^^ed,  shining,  glOisy,  a*   It  varnished;  Apis;     Canth.,* 
^H        Crot  ;    Jal.;     Kali  bich,:     Nit,  a£.:    Pyr.t    Rh\iB  t.:  i 
^K        Ter^h,  I 

'       Red  spots,  B<msltive— Ran.  s.:    Tar  ax.;    Tereb, 


764  REPERTORY 

ReA  tip— Arg.  n.;    Are.;    Merc.  i.  fl.;    Rhus  t.;    Rhus  v.; 

Sill. 
Strawberry— -SW/.;    Fragar.;    Sapon. 
Unilateral — Daphne;    Rhus  t. 
White-furred,  ilimy,  paity— ^Esc;    Ant.  t.;    Arg.  n.; 

Bapt.;     Bell.;     Bry.;    Carbo  v.;     Card,   m.;    Chel.; 

Ferr.;     Hydr. ;     Ipec. ;     Kali   m.;     Lye;     Merc,  c; 

Mez.;    Nat.  m.;    Nux  v.;    Puis.;    Sep. 
Yellow,   dirty,    thick   coatUic — JEsc;     Bapt.;     Dry.; 

Chel.;    Cinch.;    Ferr.;    Hydr.;    Kali  bich.;    Kalis.: 

Lept.;    Merc,  d.;    Merc.  i.  fl, ;    Merc;    Nat.  p.;    Nat. 

s.;    Nux  v.;    Ostrya;    Puis.;    Sul.;    Yucca. 
CONDITIONS— Bitins  Of:    Absinth.;    Sec. 

Burning,  smarting,  icalded  feeling  ai  if — Aeon.;  Apis: 

Ars.;    Bapt.;    Carbo  an.;    Iris;    Lye;    Mez.;    Mur. 

ac;    Nat.  m.;    Pod.;    Ran.  s.;    Sang.;    Sul. 
Coldneil    of — Camph.;      Carbo     v.;      Cistus;      Helod.; 

Hydroc.  ac;    Sec;     Ver.  a. 
Drsrneil  of — Aeon.;    Ail.;    Ant.  t.;    Apis;    Are.;    Bell: 

Bry.;     Kali  bich.;     Lach.;     Merc;     Morph.;     Mur. 

ac;     Nux  m.;     Puis.;     Rhus   t.;     Tereb.;     Ver.  v.: 

Vipera. 
ERUPTIONS.  GROWTHS— Cancer  Of:    Aur.;   Crot.;    Kali 
cy.;    Mur.  ac;    Thuya;    Vib.  pr. 
Cracks,  excoriations  Of— Ananth.;    Are.;    Arum;   Bell; 

Bor.  ac;    Kali  bich.;     Nat.   m.;    Nit.   ac;     Ran.  s.; 

Rhus  t.;    Rhus  v.      See  Ulcerations. 
Epithelioma — Carb.  ac;    Chrom.  ac;    Hydr.;     Kali  cy.; 

Mur.  ac;     Thuya. 
Growths,  nodules — Aur.;    Castor.;    Gall,  ap.;    Mur.  ac; 

Nit.  ac;     Thuya. 
Psoriasis  of — Kali  bich.;    Mur.  ac 
Ranula  of — Ambra;    Calc  c;    Fluor,     ac;    Thuya. 
Ring  worm  of — Nat.  m-.;    Sanic 
Ulcerations    of — Apis;      Arg.    n.;     Fluor,    ac;      Merc; 

Mur.  ac;     Nit.  ac;    Nit.  mur.  ac;    Thuya. 
Ulcerations,    syphilitic — Aur.;      Cinnab.;      Fluor,    ac; 

Kali  bich.;    Lach.;    Merc;     Nit.  ac 
Veins,  varicose  of — Ambra;    Ham.;    Thuya. 
Vesicles,  blisters  Of — Apis;    Canth.;    Lacert.;     Nat.  w; 

Phyt.;    Rhus.  t. 
Warts  of — Aur.  mur. 
Hard,  induration  of — Calc.  fl.:    Mur.  ac;    Semper  v.  t. 
GLOSSITIS — Inflammation     of;     Aeon.;       Apis;      Bell; 


TON CUE 


765 


Canthn;      Lach^;      Mere,    c.^      Merc;     Muf.    fn:.;     Ox. 

ac-;     Phyt.;     Ran.  s.;    SuL   ac.      Sec  Swelling. 
»uin!>neii,    tlngllnif    of— Ae^n,;     Echin.f     Gels.;      Nai, 

tH..     Nux.  na,;    Sec. 
filo    In — An.:      Arum;       Heit.:      Kali     ars.;      A'i/,    0c; 

Phyt.;    Ruta;    Thuya*     See  Sorencssn 
Pinlflli  ol — Atiac.j     Bar.  c;      Sj/I.;     Boikrepg;    Caujtt.: 

Con.;      Cupr,;      Cur.;       Dulc;      Gels.;     Loh^     purp.; 

Mur*    ac;      Nux    m.;      Oleand.i      Op,;      Ptumh.    m,; 

Sec.;    Zinc,  s^      Sec  Nervoui  System. 
Frotruilon      ofp     malcellke — Absinth.;      Crot.;       C'H^r.; 

Lack-:    Lyc.^    A/*r(-.;    Sanic;    Vipera. 
Protrusion    of.    dimoult— Ars- ;      Crot,;       Gu^c&:      Gttt. 

Hyo*.^      Lach.;      Merc;      Mur,    itc,;     Afyg,^     Nat^  m.; 

Pyr.p    Sulphon.;    Tereb. 
ftawneii,    rouEtuiets    of— Apis;     Ars,;     Arum;     Canth.; 

Dulc-      Nir  ac;    Phyt.;     Ran,  m.;    Tarax* 
Sentatlon,  &i  If  bAlr  on  tongue     Nat.  m.[    SiL 
Sraiatlonp    &i   if   swollen,    enlarffod  —  Absititb.;      ^th,, 

Afuic.    Crot.;    PtcL 
Sor^neas   itt^Apiit:    Arum:     Ciatm;     Nit,    ac:    0*.    ae,; 

PhysosL;    Ran.  t.;   Tereb. 
Stlftnesi  Of  —  Dulc:    Lace;    Merc.  i.  r.^    Niecol.;    ^e. 
Bwelllnc     of  —  A  can . :     A  pu ;      B*ll. ;      C  a  j  u  p. ;      Ca  n  t  h , ; 

Crol.;      Prapar,;      Kali    tclL;      Majf*     p.;     Merc*    g,; 

Mez.;     MuT.    ac;     Oenanthe;     0%,   at.;    Vcapa;     Vi» 

jTnera. 
Trembllnc     of  —  Abstnth.;      Ag^r.;       Ag&ricin;       Apb; 

Cam  ph.;    GtU.;    Lach,;    M^fc:    Plumb* 


TASTE 


TASTE 


^ft — Amyg.  per.;    Ant.c,;    Bry.;    Formal,;    Gymnema; 

M.&g.  c;     Mag.  m.;     Nat.  m.;    Pod.;     Puis.;    Sang.^ 

Sul. 
&TEETED  OB  ALTEEED — £zi  g eneral  i   JBsc,    Alnm.; 
Ant.  t.;    Arg.  ti.;    Calcn  c;    Car  bo  v.;    C4nch.;    Fagop.] 
Gytnnema;     Hydr.;    Lye;     Mag-  c.;     Mag.  m,'     Merc. 
s.;     Nat.  m.;     Nit.  ac;     Nhx  v.;    Pod.:     Puh.;    SuL^ 
Zinc.  mur. 
Perverted  &ft«r  e&Ung — Nat^  m.;    Nit,  ac;    Zinc. 
Perverted  after  sleep— Rheum. 
'errerted  In  znomlns — Fagap.;    Hydr.;    Nux  v. 
Leld,    astritis«tit,    BOur— Am.     c;     Caic.    c;     Cham,: 

Euphorbia;     Hydr,;     Ign,;     Lob.    infl,;     Lye;     Mag. 

t:.;    Nat.  p.;   Nnx  v^;    Phos,  ac;    Phoa.;    SwL 
lltt«ri     tJlliOUI^Aloe;       Bry,;       Cam  ph.;       Card,     m.; 

Cham.;    Ckel;    Cinch.;    Col.;    Cupr.;    Hydr.;    Ipecr,; 

Lye;    Mere,  c.;    Myr,:    Nat.  ra.:    Nat.  s.;     Nux  v.; 

Pud.:    Ptel.;     Pah.;    Rhus  t,;    Sep  ;    Statin.:    SuL; 

Tarax. 
Utter  from  tol)acco— Asar.:    Euphras. 
llOOdy-like— .4; tini,;     CheL;    Mancin.;      Nit,   ar,.     SuL; 

Zinc. 
Coppery,  metalllo—jEsc;     Bism.;    Cocc;    Cxipr.   ars.: 

Cupr.   m,;     Merc,  c;    Nit.  mur.   ae;    Rhus,  t.;    SuL 
)«lloate,  chaiig cable— Cuff,:    Puis. 
)lSguatlB«,  putrldp  tmil,  simij—Arn.:  Amt.  mur.;   Calc, 

c;    Carbo  v.;    CheL;    Ferr.  m_;    Lemnam.;    Merc,  c; 

Merc.,'    Pod.;     Puh.;    Sep.;    Yucca. 
Plm t ,  inil t>i4«  1 1 raw-like,  pappy  —Anl.c,    B a p t , ;   Cimh, 

Euphor,  aTDyg,;     Ferr.  m.]     Kalis.;     Ftth 
Ireaiy,   lattFi   pattF^Caust.;      OL    an,;      Puis,;     Tdll. 

cer. 
'eP!P«ry— Hydr. 
[»lty— Ars.r    Beii.;   Cadm.s.;    Carho  v.;    Cinch,;    Cy^A 

Merc,  e;    Mvrc.;    Pujs.  ^    Sep.;    Su\. 
Nr*#* — As^r-i      Ap&c,    andr.:      Bism.; 


mt.  AC.;    PheL;     Plumb.;     Pyr.;     Sabad., 


GUMS— TEETH 


-Agave;     Alum.;     Ant.    c. ; 
;      Nit,  ac.:      Phos.;     Plant.; 


Ars.;       Bor.; 
Lach.j     Merc. 
Zinc. 

Bleeding  protractedly,  after  tooth  extraction 

Kreos.'     Trill. 
Blu«  line  along  izmrgiii  of — Flumb. 
Burning  of — Antipyr.      See  Pain. 
Cold  feeling  of  -Cocrcinel. 
aXTMBOn. — Inflammation  of:    Aeon 


Kreos, ;    Mtrc. 


Bell.;    Bon: 
Phoa.:    Sil, 


-Alum.: 
Kreos. ; 


CMi: 


Arg,   n 
Merc.t 

Ant.    i 


fl.;    Cham.;    Hekh: 
Pa.in,  Swelling. 

Painful,  sore»  senaltlTe- 

v.;      Cham.;      Hep.; 

Sul,;    Thuya. 
STaOFHULUS— Eed    seam 

Kali  Tj;     Puk;     Rhu-i  I. 
Scorbutic    (lOft,    spongy,    receding) — Agave;      Ant.    c; 

Ara.;     Bapt,;     Carto.     u.;      Echin.;      lod,;      Kalt    c^f 

Krtot.;    Mer€.;    Mur,  ac;     NaU  m.;     .Vil.  cj^r.;    Phrjfi.; 

Thuya. 
Swelling   Ql^Apixi     Cham.:     Cist  us;     Lach.:     Mag.    m.; 

Merc     d.;      Merc,    t.  r,,-     Mtir,    ac;     Phos,;     PlyTnb^; 

Sul. 
PYOB&HCEA      ALVEOLAHIS— Xnoeration     of:       Aur  ; 

Bapt.r    Carbo   v.;     CausL;     Cistus;     Kali  c;     Kreos.; 
Merc,  c;    Nit.  ac;    Phos.;    SU.;    Staph. 


TEETH 


TEETH 


K  retis .;    M  e  rt . ;   P  h  us . 


c. ;     Calc.   p.. 


Kreos--     Mag.    p.; 
n.;    Staph-;     Jerth, 


Cdcc; 
Staph.; 


Mere.; 
Zinc. 


Black,  dark  cxMinbliiig— Ant,  c.; 

hyilr. ;    Stafth. 
Cai-leB,  decay,  premature     Calc. 
K  re  1 J  * . ;    Merc;    Mcz .;    Fh  os , ; 
Tub. 
Caries  at  cfown — Merc;    Staph. 
Carles  at  root — Mez  :    Syph.n    Thiiya. 
DEKTITION  -  (teetHUiff  difficult,  delayed) :    Aco  n . 
B<3r,;    Calc.  c;     Calc.  p.;     Cham,;    Clieiranth; 
]  Cupr,;     Hekla;     Kali  br.; 

Pbyt  ;     Pud;    Sil.;    Snlan 
br. 
With     oerelyralp     nerrous     symptomf — BdL;      Cim.; 
Cyr'nri.;    HvHeb.;    Kali  br;     Pfid.;   Solan,  n.;    Zinc. 
With  fiompressloti  Of  gums — Pbyt  ;    Pad. 
With  convulsions--  Bell . ;    C u p r , ;     Mag ,   p.;     Sul a n .  n . ; 

Zinc.  br. 
With  deafness,  otoTrhoea,  stufflnesB  of  nose-   Cheir- 

antl]. 
With  dl&rrh cea     Calc    v.\      Cak.    /■  ,      Ch o nt  .      I ii ec, ; 

Pod.;    Rhciini;    Sil. 

With  effuEton  threatened,    In   brain   -  .4  ph;     Helleb.  \ 

Tub.;    Zinc.  m. 
With    insoimjla.— Cp^.;       Cyprip.;      KreuK.;       Pass  id.; 
i  Scutel. 

With  wonns— Cma,     Merc;    Stann, 
Feel  cold — CoccineL:   Gamb,  <    Phos.  ac,    Kheum, 
Feel  loose — Calc,  fl.;     Mef€.  c;    Merc;    Nit.  ac;    Plant,: 
Rlnis  t.;    Zinc 

Feel  numb-    Pl^t 

I  Feel  sensitive  to  coldi  chewtns,  touch-  « 11:^11.;  Ars>^ 
Carbo  v.;  Caff,:  Fluor,  ac ;  *  Gymnod,;  M^f^^i 
Plant.;    Staph.      See  Pain,  _, 

Feel    too   \^m^—Cham.:     Clem.;     Mag,  9.;    Mtfc;    Mez,; 
j  Plant.;    Rhus  t. 

Feel  wann — Fluor,  ac. 
I  FISTUXJi  DENTALM— Caust.;     F^WW.  at.,;    SUy'^.^    ^^"^j 


778  REPERTORY 

GRINDING    OF— Apis;      Bell.;    Can.    ind.;     Cic.;     Cina: 

Helleb.;    Myg.;     Phyt.;    Pod.;    Santon.;    Zinc. 
ODONTALGIA— Toothache:   Pain  In:  Kemediei  In  gen- 
eral: Aeon.;   Ant.  c;    Antipyr.;    Apis;    Atrop.;   Bell; 
Bry.;     Calc.    c;      Cham.;     Clem.;      Coccinel;     Coff.; 
Ferr.  m.;    Glon.;     Hekla;    Kali  c. ;     Kreos.;    Mag.  c; 
Mag.  p.;    Merc;    Phyt.;    Plant.;    Pule.;    Sep.;    Spig.; 
Staph.;    Tab. 
CAUSE- Coldhathing:   Ant.  c. 
Coffee — Cham.;    Ign. 
Decayed  teeth — Cham.;     Kreos.;    Merc. 
Dental  milp.  Inflamed— Bell. 
Drafts,  or  cold  exposure- i4 con.;    Bry.;    Cham.;   Merc: 

Puis.;    Rhod. 
Pregnancy — Alum.;    Calc.  c;  Cham.;    Mag.  c;  Nux  m.; 

Sep.;   Tab.     See  Female  Sexual  System. 
Menses,  during— Bar.  c. ;    Staph. 
Tohacco-smoklng — Spig. 
Washing  clothes— Phos. 
LOCATION — Decayed  teeth:     Ant.   c;     Cham.;     Kreos.; 
Mag.  c;    Merc;    Mez.;    Staph. 
Lower — Antipyr. 
Molars — Antipyr. 

Boots  of  teeth — Mcph. 

Sound  teeth — Arg.  n.;    Caust.;    Spig.;    Staph. 
Upper  teeth—  Fluor,  ac. 
TYPE— Neuralgic,     congestive:       Aeon.;      Ars.;      Bell; 
Cham.;    Coff.;     Ferr.  pier.;    Plant.      See  Odontalgia. 
Rheumatic — Bry.;    Cham.;    Merc;    Puis.;     Rhod. 
TYPE  OF  PAIN  -Aching :    Cham.;    Kreos. 
Burning — Ars.;    Bell. 
Drawing,  jerking,  tearing — Meph.;    Prun.  sp.;   Spig.; 

Sul. 
Shock-like — Am.  c;    Aran. 
Stitching— ^rj*.;    Puis. 

Throbbing — Aeon.;    Bell.;    Coccinel.;    Glon.      See  Odon- 
talgia. 
CONCOMITANTS— Distraction    of    the    mind:     Ac«n : 
Cham. 
Heat,  thirst,  fainting — Cham. 
Neuralgic  of  lids,  reflex— Plant. 
Soreness  of  teeth — Merc.;    Plant. 

Swelling   about    jaws,    cheeks— Heik/a;     Lye;     Merc. 
See  Gumboil. 


TEETH 


779 


HODAI.ITIER— AaGBAVATlOH;    Alter  mldnlcbt:    Ars 

At  ni^lit — Ant.   c;     Clmm,;     Clem^:     Mas.   c;     Merc, 

Sep. 
From  dum^e  or  weather — Merc;    Rhod. 
From  cold  food,  di-tokl— Calc.  c;    Cham.;    Nux  v. 
From  cold  In  ifeaieral— Cii;^*  f.;    Mag.  c;    Plant.; 

SpiR.;    SuL 
From  contact,  touch ^C ale.  fi. ;    Plant.;    Staph. 
Fl-Om  ei t tiiS  —  B  ry , ;    Cak.  c.r    K all  c . ;    Spigr 
From  lying  down,  rest,  gulet— Mag.  c;    Nat,  a,; 

Sep. 
From  shrill  KOxmds — Ther. 
From  smoking,  tobacco— Clem.;    Ifin.i    Spig. 


Sul. 
Sii.: 


Ratanh 


Bry. 


Calc. 


Canst., 


Merc; 
;      Bisfi 


Prun^  fip.l 
i  ;       Bry.; 


Coff,; 


From  warm    food — Bis  mi  .  ; 

Cham.;     Co^.;    Fuh. 
Warmth  In  general — Cham 
AMELIOBATION— Cold   drinks 

Ferr.  m.;    Ferr.  p.;    NatrS.; 

Eating— Plant.;    Spig. 

Hot  liquids^  A/og.  p. 

Preisure  eacternal — Bry, 

Pre&sure  of  teeth — Cinch.;    Oi.  an^ 

Sweat  in  general— ChaiPn :    Chenop.  gl. 

Walking  about— Mag.  c. 

Warmth — Ars.;    Cinch.;    Lye;    Mag.  p. 
SIOG'S  DISEASE- Calc.  ren.;     Sil.  mar. 
SORDES    and  deposits   on — AiL;     Alumni     Ars.:    Bapt.; 
Eckin.;    Hyu9.;    Merc,  c;  \}ur.  ac;  Plant.  ^  Rhus  t. 


THROAT 


ADENOID     VEaETATIONB— A^ra^Jt,,^      Cale.    fl,;      Cak* 
ludf.,      Ctilc,    p.;     Chrom.    ac;      lod.:      Mea.;      Psor*; 
Sang.  «,;    Sul, 
OIPHTBERIA— E«medl &i  in  ^ener&l :    Ail.;    Apu;    A rw . ; 
Aram:     Bapt.;     Bell.;     Calc.    thlor.^     Canth*;     Carb. 
ac;    Crot.;     Diph.;     Kali  btch.:     Kali  per,;    Lac  e.; 
Lach.;    Lye;    Mer^yC,:    Merc,  cy,;    Merc.  i.  H.;    Merc. 
L  n:    Nit.  ac:    Phvt.;    Tar.  e.;    Vioca, 
TTPE— I.aJ7iise&l :      Apis:      Brom.;     Canth,:      Cbloruni; 
Diph.;    Hep.;     Kali  hick.;    Aferc.  cy.;    Spuitg. 
M&Ilcnant — Ail.;     Apis;      Carb.    ac;     Diph.;      Echin.; 

Lac  cr,    Lach.;    Merc,  ey,;    Mut  ac. 
IfaSSkl — Am.   £.;     Am.    cauiit.;      Kali  binh.;     Merc,    cy,; 
At/,  ac. 
CONB ITI0N8  -  Ex  t  easlon  do  WliV*rd« ;    Kali  tick,:  Lace. 
Eitenslonlefttorlglit— L&cch:    lack.;    Sabad, 
Extenilon  rlgbt  to  left— Lye. 
Exteagloa  upwarda— Brom, 

With  croup— Br  Lfrtj;  lod.;    Kali  bich.;   Lacb.:     Merc,  cy* 
Witli   poit-diphtlxerltlc    paralyili      Arg.    n,;     CauH.: 

Cocc;    Con.;    Diph.;    Geia, 
WlibproitrAtl<m  fTom  ))^iimlng— AiL;     A  pi*;     Artt,; 
Canth.  1      Carb^    ac;      CroL;       Diph.;       Kali     pcr.^ 
Merc.  cy. 
ES OPHAGUS  —  lumlngt  Mmw^ttins  in:    Acq n . ;    Am.  eanti,,* 
Ciinthn;      CarJ^    ac;      Gels.;      Iris;      M^rc^    c;      Mez.; 
Pkijs^;     Sinap.;     Strych. 
CoiiKtrictlcm  ot^^ Alum.;    Ani.  m,;    Ataf*;   Bapt,;   Betl.; 
Cftct,;    Laittp.;   Caps.;    Cic.;   Condur.;   Gels.;   l^nr, 
Merc,  c^;    Naja;    Phos.;     Ver*  \\ 
Dfynesi  af^'Bd/./    Cocc;    Afg?..; 
E80PHA0ITIB  —  TnflaniinatlOD  of: 
.p&ln  In — A»i.  cauni.;     Gels.;     Phos* 

Spasm    of     ( eioplLAClimui )  —  Arg. 

/J^*J1.;  Merc,  a:    Naja,    Strych. 

rA  U€E8—An  eMth  «iJa  oti    K  ali  b  r  * 


: 


784  REPERTORY 

Burning   heat,    in — Caps.;     Carb.    ac;      Gels.;     Phoi.; 

Phyt.;    Sinap.;    Still. 
Dryness    Oi—Bell.;     Gels.;      JukI.    c;       Phos.;     Phyt.: 

Sabad. 
Inflammation  Ol—  Ail.;     Bell.;    Ferr.  p.;     Merc.  i.  fl. 
Necrosis  ol — Merc.  cy. 
Redness    of — Bell.;     Carb.     ac;     Ferr.     p.;    Gyranocl; 

Merc,  cy.;    Merc.  i.  r.;    Mez. 
Roughness    ol,    sensitive — Coccus.;      Dros.;      Nux   v.; 

Phos.;     Phyt. 
Tingling  of — Aeon.;    Echin.;    Phyt. 

XTlceration  ol — Coryd.;      Kali  bich.;      Nit.   ac;     Sang. 
See  Pharynx. 
PHARYNX— Abscess   ol,  ( Retro -pharyngeal) :  Antipyr . 
Bell.;    Hep.;    Lach.;     Merc;    Nit.  ac;     Phos.;    Sil. 
Abscess,  predisposition  to — Calc  c;     Calc  iod.;    Feir. 

p.;     Kali  iod.;    Sil. 
Adherent  crusts  in — Kali  bich.;    Kali  m. 
Anesthesia  ol— Gels.;     Kalihr. 

Burning,  smarting,  scalded  leellng — Aeon. ;  Am.  caust.; 
Apis;  Ars.;  Arum;  Aur. ;  Bar.  c;  Bell.;  Canth.: 
Caps.;  Carb.  ac;  Caust.;  Hydr.;  Iris;  Kali  bich.; 
Kali  per.;  Kreos.;  Merc  c;  Merc.  i.  fl.;  Phos.; 
Phyt.;  Sang.;  Sanpr.  n.;  Sul.;  Wyeth. 
Coldness  in — Cistus. 

Constriction,     spasmodic    of — Aeon.;      Agar.;      Apis 
Ars.;    Arum;    Bapt.;    Bell.;    Cact.;    Cajup.;    Canth.: 
Caps.;    Cic;    Hyos.;    Ign.;    Lach.;    Merc,  c;    Mez.: 
Morph.;     Phyt.;    Sang.;    Stram.;    Strych.;    Val. 
DYSPHAGIA    Deglutition,  painful,  difficult:   Remedies 
in  general:    Agar.;    Anac;    Apis;    Ars.;    Bapi.;    Bell,.. 
Cajup.;    Canth.;    Caps.;    Carb.  ac;    Cic;    Cur.;    Dub.:, 
Fluor,  ac;    Grat.;     Hydroc  ac;     Hyos.;     Ign.;    Kali 
bich.;     Kali   c;     Kali  chlor. ;     Lac   c;     Lach.;     Lye.:' 
Merc,  c;    Merc.  i.  fl.;     Merc  i.  r.;     Merc,  v.;    Nat.  p.:  ■ 
Nit.  ac;     Phyt.;    Sang,  n.;    Stram.;    Strych. 
Can  swallow  only  liquids — Bapt.;     Bar.   c;     Nat.   m: 
Plumb.;    Sil. 

Can  swallow  only  solids,  liquids  descend  with  diffi- 
culty—  Alum.;  Bell.;  Cact.;  Canth.;  Crot.;  Gels.: 
Hyos.;    Lyssin;     Merc,  c;    Sil. 

Choking  when  eating,  drinking — Abies  n.;  Anac.; 
Cajup.;  Can.  s.;  Gloh.;  Kava;  Merc,  c;  Mur.  ac; 
Niccol.;    Nit.  ac;    Phyt.;   Santon.;   Sumb. 


THROAT 


785 


Food  deicendE  ''wrong  way"'  —  Anat-.:    Can.  p.;    Mtph,: 

Nal.  m. 
rood  regurgitates,  per  n^eum—  BsU.;     Dijih.;     Lach~, 

Lye;     Merc.  r. ;     Mert;.  1,'. 

Liq^uldE  des  c  end  wl  th  gurgling  sound —  A  r^  /;    6  »  f  r,  a  i- . 

Swa^Uowi  food  and  dtinlc  hastlly^Aiiflc.;    B^ll;    Bry 
fnlT.i     Helleb.:    Hep.;    Oleand.;    Zinc,  m, 

II epo si  ti,  membranou b  on — A  est .  ac . ;     K aii  huh . ;    K a 
m.;    Mur.  ac:     NU-  a<:.:    Phyt,      See  Daphtheria, 

DZTneSE  Ol — ^cow-r  j^sc;  Agar,;  Alum.;  Apia;  Ar5.: 
jed;..  Bry.;  Capi.;  Catist.;  Cistus:  Duh.;  Ferr 
p.;  Guaiac,;  Hyos.;  Kali  bich, ;  Kali  c;  Kali 
chlor.;  Lack,;  Lye;  Merc,  per.;  Mes.;  Morph,; 
Nat.  m,;  Nux  m.;  Ohosth.;  Phoi.;  Pkyi.;  Sabad.; 
5tiK^.;    Sang,   n.;    5pong,;    Strych.^     Stil, ;     WyHh. 

Edema  oI-AiL;    Apis:    Ars,;    Mag,  p.;    Mur.  at 

Eryslp^Us   of— Apis;     Bell.j      CanlA./     Lach.^ 
GlOTius    hystericus-  Ambra;      Aquil.;      Aeaf.; 

igrt.,-      Laeh.;      Mancifi,;      Mosch^;      Raph, 

See  Hy&tfria, 
H&wkingt  hemmlnjf  (clearing  tiuoatj— ^sc; 

Am.  m.:     At^.  m.;    Arg.  n,;    Arum'     I^ry. ; 

Cistus;    Coccus;    CoraL;    EucaL;    GymnacL;    Hep.; 

HydT-     K^bick.;    K&U  c  ;    Kali  iti.;    Lech,;    Lye; 

Merc,  i,  fl.;    Merc.  t.  r,;    Nai*  c;    Nat,  m.;    Nit,  ac; 

Nux  v.;    Phos.;     Phyt;     Psor.;     Sclcn..    Silph.  s.: 

5;(3ffM.,     StiL;     Vinca  m.;     Viola  tn^    Wygtk.     See 

Chronic  Pharyni^itis. 
Hitwkingr  with  ch«egrr  fetid,  luxnps—^lfar.,'    Mag.  c; 

PjfOT.;    Sec:    Sil.     Sec  FrjUicular  PharynKitis, 
HAWking*  ^th  gelatinous,  Tliold^  gluey,  tnuoui,  diffi- 
cult   raising— Aloe:      Alum;      Am.    m.;      -tr^'.     n.; 

Arum,      Canth.,      CausL.^      CiHtius;      Hydr.;       Ko/» 

bf€k.;    Lach.;    Merc,  i.  fl.;    More,  i,  r,;    J*^at.  c;    N»t* 

m.;      Nat.    s.:      Petrol.;      Phr^-l      Phyl.r      Psor.; 

I^Mitiex,     Sanji?  :    Selen.;     Silph,;    Slann- 
Hawklngt   with   fetid  pus — Anlipyr.,    Hep.;   Lye;  siL 
HiOlinatlon    to    swallow    eonstuitly— ^f/^;     Lac    e.; 

Lath.;      L;ut.    nc]      Lysain;      A/^rf^    i,    fi.;     Mtrc.; 

Myr.;    Sumb.;    Wycth. 
FHABYKGITIS  — Tnflammatlon    Of:     AtropMo    vBlccaj : 
Aiitm.;    DMb-i.    SahaL 


, ;     Nui. 

Rhuji  t. 

Gels.; 

Val. 

Alvm; 
Canth.; 


786  REPERTORY 

Catarrhal  aetlte  — ^fi^n>,    iE^c,    Apk:    Arn.  n.:    B*ll. 

C  an  th  r ;     Ciip9. ;     C  a.  u  s  t. ;     Cis  t  us ;      Gflt .  i     C  uuiac; 

rTymn&cl.;    Hep.;     Kali  bi^h.:    Kali  c;    Mere,  t  fl.. 

Merc.    i.    r.i      Merc;     Nat.    iod.;      Phyt,:     Sttl.   ac; 

Sang,;    Sang,  H.;    Scilla:    H^jwlft. 
Acute*  I>t-edl»patiti<»l  to— Alumen;     Bur.  £.;    Lach, 
CatmrrliUi  etLronlc— ^Esc:   Alum.;  Am.  br.;  Am.  caiat; 

Ary,  ini!,;    Arg,  n.;     -4rg.  m.;^    Aruiti;   Bar*   c.^   Calc, 

p.^     Caps.;     Can,   ind.;     Cinnabr:     Cktufi;     Cociut: 

Cub.:    Fcrr.  p.;    Hep*;    Hydf,:     Kali  bick.;    Kali  c ; 

Kali    chloi*,:     Lach.;     Mtrc;     Nat.    mr.     Kux  v.; 

Penthqr.;    PetroL;    Phos.;    Rutnex;    Sabad.;  Sang,; 

Sec;    Sumb.;    Wycth. 
Follicular,    acute— /!pw;     BelU;      Kali    bich.:     Men^.: 

rhyt 

FolUmilaT,  chronic  (Glergymen*!  Eore  throat)— *£jc; 

Alum.;     Arj?.  n.;     Arn,;      Arumc     Calc.    B.;     Ciii%.: 

Cinnab,;    Cistus;    Drus-S    Hep.;    Hydr.;     Kali  bkh,; 

Lach.;    Mvf€.  i,  r.r    Nat.  tn.;    Pbos.;     Phyt.;  Sang-; 

Stic  tat    Sul.;    Wyeth. 
Herpetic— .4  ^*V;     Bor. :      Hydr,:     Jacar.;      Ktili   hick.; 

Kali  chlor,;    bach,;     Merc,   i*   ft.;     !*^at.  s,;     PA^^i 

Sal.  ac, 
SheuasatlC- Acnn,;    Phyt. 
Septic- Am    t.;     ^e/J..     Miir.  ac.i    SiL 

AQQRA V ATI ONS —From   drlnlc*.  warm  or  hot— Lack: 

From,  menses- Lac  c. 

From  p  re  H  Kur e  —  L  ac  h . ;    Merc,  c . 

From  I wallowlnK^  empty— Ant ipyr.:    Bar.  a   Duliclios; 
Hep  ,     Lac  c;    Lach,:    Merc.,-    Phyt.i    Sabad. 

From  swallowing  Bollds- Rapt.     See  Deglutilion. 

From  swallowing  Bweei  things— Sp on g. 

From  warmth — C  uec  us ;    I  od . ;    Merc, 

In  afternoon- Lath. 

In  bed  — Merc  \.  fl.;    Mere. 

On  left  Bide- Lae^i.;    ^ferc.  i.  r.;   Sabad. 

On  left  to  right- Lac  c*:    Lack.:    Sabad, 

On  right  «lde — BclL:    Guaiac:    Lye.;    Mag.   P-;    Mff^- 
f.  fl.;    Merc:    Niccol„;    Pbyt.*    StiHg.:    SuL 
AMELIOHATIONS— From  msplrlnff  cold  air- Sang. 

From  swallowing — C^els-;    Ign. 

From  swallowing  liquids '—Cistns, 

From  swallowing  liquid  s  warm — Al  u  m . ;      Art.;     Cale^ 
tl:    Lye;    Sabad. 


THROAT 


787 


Fr&m  fiwallowliig  hQlidt—Ign,;    Lach. 
Papules  on— Hippoz.;    lod.      See  Follicular  Phan'nff^tis, 
Parmlysls,   neuroses  of — AlHm.:    Bar,   rti.;    Bfit.:  Cauii.; 

Cocc;     CoK.;    Hep^;    Hyoa,;    /*f«.;    Lob.  iafl,;  Lack.; 

Lye,:    Merc.;    Morph.:    Nit.  ac:   Pop.  0.;   SH.;  Sul. 
F«HitaUls  reversed— Ambm. 
PUitules  on— j€th.      See  Ulceration. 
R&wness,  roushnesE,  sorapins  )JX—Acon.;    iSsc;    Alytn; 

Atn.  ca\i^t,;     Arg.   m  ;     ArK-  n.;    v4r«m;    Bar.  c. ;   B^l,; 

Bry.;       Bram,;        CauH^:       Coccus;       Cub.;        Dro*.; 

Gels. 7     Hep.:     Homar.;      Hydr.;     lod.;      Kaii    bkh.: 

Merc.;     Nhx  ik;    Otiostti,  ;     Penthor.;     Phox.;   PKyt,; 

Pup'  c;    Rumex;    StietA. 
Redneii  Of^XroH.,^     Apis;     BeiL;     Merc.  i.  fl,;    Merc.  i.  r. ; 

Merc.  nit. ^     Merc;    Sal.  ac;    SuL 
EedneiSp  dark  Uvld— -4if,,^    Ain.  caust.:    Amygd.;    Api^; 

Afg.    n.:     BelL*     Cantb.;     Crat.;      GymnocL:     Lath.; 

Merc,  c;    Mur  at. ;     Naja.    NtLt.  &rs.;     Pkrf. 
R edne st ,  gloi ay ^  u  If  -rami stied^ .4  pig ;    Bell . ;    p h o? . 
R eluca 1 1  on  of  —  Ainm.;    Am,  m . :    C<ih.  p.:    E u cal . 
Sensitiye,  sorci   lender— Acctt.,-     Msc:     Apis;    Arg.   m.; 

Am.;       ATum;       Atrop.;       B0IL;       Brom.;       Cantli.; 

Capt,;      CauBt.;       Cistus;       DoHehoa;       Fl\ior.     ac; 

Gymnocl.;      Hrp.:      Homar. ;      Hydf.;      Ign,;       KqU 

tick.;     Kali   iod.;     Kali  per.;     Lac  c.^      Lack.;     Lach 

n.;     Lye;     Merc,    c;     Merc,   cy,;    M^^c^  i,  ft,;    Merc. 

I,  r;     Merc;    Naja;    Hu^  v.\    Petrol.;     Phyi.s     Pop. 

c;      OuilL;       Rhus     t.;       Sabad.;       Sang.;       Spon^.; 

TrifoL 
Sp&mi  Ht^^Bell.;    Sttmb.     See  Cons  trie  tion> 
BtUZneit  oI—Msc;     Mag.    p*l     Mea,;     Rhux  i.     See  Con- 

stricttofi, 
Swelltnff    of — Aeon.;      Ail.:       Apis;      Arg.     n*;       Arum; 

Bapt.;      Bar.    c;      BelL;     Caps.;     Crot. ;     Gymnoel.; 

Hep.;      Kali    bich.;       Kait    per.;     Lack.;     Merc,     c; 

Mtfc.    cy.;     Msrc,    i.    #.;      Mete.  i.  r.;    Merc;    FlAja; 

Nat.     ars.:       FhyL;      San^. :      Vespa;      Wyetb.      See 

Inflauiiuation. 
Syphlltl  ot  —  AvT.;     Cinnab.;      Fhior.    ac;       Kali    buh,; 

Kali  iod.;    Merc  c;    Merc.  i.    f^.;     Merc,  t.  r,;     Merc. 

nil.;    Me2.;     Nii.  av,:    Phyt. 
TlekUn^   In*    *■    from   hair — M&c.  gl.;  Ambra;     At^,  ii,.; 
Cutlet.:       Dros. ;       Hepat.;        Kali     bicW.;      "^UTt    ^*^ 
Saba^i.;    StjJ.;      VaL;    Yucca,  I 


■ 


788  REPERTORY 

moeratlon    of— AO.;      Am.     c.i      Apk;      AraL;     Hf^t.. 

Hydr^9t.     mar.;       Kali    bick.:      Laeh.;       Merc,    ey,; 

Aftrc.   c;     Merc,    i.  fl,;     Merc,  i^  n;     Uiir.  4c*;    N^< 

ac;    Fhyt,;    Vines  m. 

UloeratlOU    of,     apJathoua— ruwift.;       Eucal.;      Hydraii 

IF] HT,;    Nit,  ac. 
inceratlODK    of,    gaiigrenom  — >lrj^;    Bapi.;    Crwl.;  K*li 

n.,    McTf.  cy, 
01oer;atlont  of,  lyplilllMc — Ft  nor.  ac;     Hippos.;  Jacar- 
gual.^      Kali   bich,;     Kali   iod,^     Luch.;    Lyc«:    A{tr£. 
c:     jMerc.    i.    f1  ;     Merc.  \,  x.\     Nii.  oc..*    Phyt;    Still 
V«liii»  yarlcoie,  iB — Aloe;    Bar.  m.:    Ham, 
TONSILS-  AbKceBK  i  perl  tonsillar  j;    Calc.  s, 
DEFOBITS    ON'  Cre&my,    extendi    OTsr    toniilSf  uwh 
soft  palate:   \at,  p. 
Dark,  dry,  wrinkled—  Are. 
Dark,  eanerenoua-Bapt. 
Gray i ah  dirty.  wlUi  aery  red  margins — Apis, 
Graylsb,    extends  to  poiterlor  nare^,    &ir  painfull 

later  purpU&h  black-   Iiihiii. 
Grayish  patch  oil  tonsils— Kali  m. 
Grayish  white»  in  crypts  -ii^n. 
Grayish  yellow,  worse  on  left—  M«rc.  i.  t. 
Fatcliy  on  neht  tonsil,  and  Inflame  fauceE,  eatllT 

detached   -Merc.  i.  fl. 
Shining,  glased— Lac  c. 
Thick,     brownish -yellow,  like  wasih  leather,     eiteodt 

over  tonalls,  soft  palate — Kali  bicl-i. 
Thin,  then  dark,  gangrenous  —  Merc.  ey. 
HYPEETROPHY- Indiu-alilon  of :   Alumen;    Bar,  c.;  Bat, 
iod.;    Bar.  m.:    Ca-lc  c.\    Calc,  p.:    Hep.;    lod.;   Kati 
■m.-     Merc.  i.   fl.;     Merc,  i,  r,:    Plumb,  tod.;    Pii/t; 
SuL  iod. 
Hypertrophy,  with  hardness  of  hearlziff — Bar.  c:  lit  fit 
Lye;     Plnmb- ;     Psur, 

TONSILLITIS  — TTiflflmma tlon  of:  Aeute,  Catarrhal  ind 
Follicular:  Aeon.;  Am,  m.;  Amygd.  r.iers.,  Apisi 
Bapt.:  Bar,  ac;  Bar  m.  BelL;  Brom,.  Q^^-- 
Guoiac,:  GymnodM  Hep,^  ig«.;  Iod.;  Kali  bich^: 
Kaji  m.i  Lac  c;  Lacb*:  Lye;  Af*r^.  t.  /l.;  A/rrc  t 
r.;    Naja^    Kat.  s,;    P/fyf.,'    Rhus  t, ;    Sang.;    SiL 

QinWST— Acute  Phl^monous;  Acoji*;  Bar.*-,,*  Barn  w^l : 
heU.,  C  inn  ah.,  Guftiar.;  Hep.;  Lach-;  Lye;  Meft 
i.   /!.;   Merc,  i,  v.;    I'kyl.:  Fsar.;  SaiiK.^  StL;   Vcspa 


THROAT 


789 


Rwlneii  Of ,  dark— Ainyg.   am,;    Bapt.;   GymnocL;    Laeh.: 

Mcrt, 
Svclliuc  Of — Aeon.;     Am.    m.  i      Apis;     Ars.  iod.;     Bar. 

m?,;      BtIL;     Calc.    c^;      Calc.     p.;     Cinnab,;     Cbtus; 

Ferr.     p.:      Gels.;      Hgp.;      I^ti.;     Kali    bich.;    Lack.; 

Mtrc.    I.    ^.;     Mtrc.    i.  r,;    Phyt.;     Psor. ;     Sang.    n. 

See  TonsiUitia. 
inoeratloaa  of— 4:^m:     Bifr.  c.  ;    Hwp.;    ign,;    Ktiii  hick,; 

Lye:      Merc.    L  fl.;     Merc,    i.    r. ;    Nat,  sr,    SiL      See 

FoUiciilar  Tonsillitis. 
Xnc«ratloii    of,    gmnsrenous  — Am,    c;      Ars.;      Bapt.; 
Lach. ;     Mere,  cy 
UVULA— Constricted  feelliig  of:    Aeon. 
EdeumtOUi,   wtc-Uko— ,lptj.     Kali  bi^h.;   Phyt.;    Rhus  t, 
Elongattoia^     relMtation     of— Alumen;       Alum.;      Bell,; 

Cantli.;       Ctips,-       Coccinel;       Coccus;      Hyot.;      Kali 

bich.:    Merc,    c:     Merc.^      Nat.    m.;     Nux  v.;     Fhoi.; 

Rumex  ac;     Wyeth, 
UVXJI.ITIS— Inflamnaatloil    of;      At: on.;     Amygd,    pers.; 

Beil-    CifttLu^:    lud.:    Kail  per,;    Mtrc.c;    Merc.:    Nat, 

?.;     N'ux  v,L    Snl-  tful, 
Sare  ipot  bebliid,  better  by  e&ttnc— Am.  m. 
Wlilteaed»  thrlvelled  -Carb.  a<r. 
Wtille  tennclOUl  mucui  Ob— Am.  caust. 


STOMACH 


STOMACH 


fOBElCiA — Appottte  defectlrep  lost:   Abies  n,;    A^et.; 

Ant.  c,/    Am,,     Ars-     Bapt.;     Calc.  p.;    Caps.;    Carb. 

flc:    Card,  m,:    CheL^    Chin.  arSri  Chionanlh.;    Cinch.; 

'     Coca;    Cyci:    Ferr  m.;    G^nt.:    Helon,:    Isn;    /pre; 

Iris;     Lye;     Mere,   d.;     Niccol.^      A'tiir  tl,-     Pho$,  ac; 

Prtiti.   sp.:      Puli.t     Rhus    t.;     Slront.;     Strych^    nrs*; 

Siryf^.  p.;    Symphor, :    Tarax. 

itTLOMT — DicreMed,  ravenous :    Abtes  c:    Abfm.:  Agar.; 

j       Allium  s. ;     Anac;     Ary, ,     Ars,    br. ;     BeH.;     Brassica; 

r      Bry.;    Calces    Caletid.;    Chel.:    Cim.;    Ctitd;    Cinch,; 

f      Fferr.  m.;    Granat,:    Ichth.^    Ign.;    /od.;    Lye,^    Merc^; 

Nat,   nu;     A^mjp  v,;     Olcand.;     Op.;     Petrel.;     Petros.; 

Phos.:     Psor.;    Rbufl  t.;    Sec;    Stunn,;    Stil.;    Thyr,: 

Zine.  m. 

]^  crea  led,  yet  quickly  la  tia  ted  -    A  m   l\  ;    A  r  n .  ^   Cin^k . ; 

Cycl. ;    Lye;    Nat,  tn.'    Nux  v,  ■    Pfiros.;    Sep.;  Stjl. 

>  inare&ied,  hungry,  even  alter  a  meal— tVic,  c  ;  Cb^c; 

I  CiKii;    Lye-    Mei-1.:    Phrti.:     Phyl.;     /-'ifar.;    Stront.; 

ij  2inc. 

I  Inoreaied^  hungir   at  night— A  hits    n.;     Cina;     I(fn,; 
''  Lye.;     Petru].;     Phn?;,;     P^ar,;    Selep,;    5rtl. 

^RTEBTED     ATEBStONS:    AlcahoUe  beverages: 

Boiled  thlDgB  -Calc.  n. 

Bread  —  Cheni^p.  jjl.;    Lye;     Nat.  m. 

Butter— Puis,;    aai?R. 

Coffee— Fluor,  at  ;      A'rtjc  f.;    SuL  ac. 

Drinks    In   general— Bell.;     Cottth.:     Kali    bich, 
Hyiirophabia.  '^* 

DTlBks,  warm  and  hot— Cham,;    Kali«5,'   pNf*;    '^^ 

Eggl— Ferr.  m. 

F&ll   -Carbo  an.:    Carbo  v.;    Hep.;    Petrol  l     /^ii/if. 

Food  In  general — Ant.  c;  Are.;  Canttr.;  Tai'f./  Cokh.; 
Dulc  ;  Ign.;  Kali  bIch.;  K^li  c.^  Sabad.  See 
Anorexia, 

Foodf  imell.  Bight  Of— .4rtf.r  Ci>cc,;  CoLh.;  J>ig.y  Sfp.; 
Stann,;    Symphor. 

roodp  warm,  hot— Calc,  c;    Piih;    Sii.;    Vev 


Sil. 


Bee 

L 


794 


HIPERTORY 


Meat— Aloe;     Alum.;    Am.;     SelL:    CaJc.  c;   Carbo  v,t 

Card,  m  :    Chenoi^  al.;    Cycl.;    Ferr.   p.;    Graph* r 

Murph.;    Mur.  ac;    Nit,  ac;    Petrol.;    Puh>i    Swp.* 

Sil.;    Stront.;    Thuya, 
MiUC— BelL;    Carhov.;    Ferr,  p.;    Guaiac;    Nut.  t.;   SuL 
Pot*  to«i— Thuya. 
Sour  thln^i—Ferf.  m^ 
Bwoeti— CauBt.;    Graph, 
•fol)a.i3C0— CaiUh.;    Cocc]    Lob.  infl. 
Tobacco,  odor  of— Cftscar.;    Lob.  itifl. 
PEfiVERTED   C£ATENQ8-Aeldi,  plcklei,   lOUr  fbUiffi; 
,46tVj  c;    Am.  m.:     Anf.  c.^     Ant.  t.;    Ars.;    Arundo; 
Carbo  an,;    Cinchr;    Cor],;    Hiip.:    Kali  bich.i    MagnC; 
Myr. ;     jP/ioj.  o£-.;    Sec;    5trp.;    Thea;      Vtr,  a. 
Alcoliailo  bereragei-  .'Uar.;    Calc.  are.;    €apt.;    C^rt, 

Qc;     Carbo    v.;     Citieh.;      Coca;     Cocc;     Ferr.    p.; 
Kali  bich.;    Lach,;    Med.;    Mosch.;    Nux  v.;    Psor,, 

Puis.;     Sehn.i     Staph.;     Stront,;     SuL;     SuL   dr.. 

Syph.;    Tub. 
Applei^ — Aloe;    Ant.  t,;    Guamc. 
BFead-Fprr,  m.;    StroTit. 
Butter— Ftirr.  m. 
Bu  ttermllk — El  a  ps , 
Guar  coal,  coaL  oliaUCt  etc.— -i4fH  III.;  Calc.  c  ;  Cic,;  Ign  , 

Nit.  ac;    Pdor. 

CofTeo— j^tiguffj.;    Ars.;    Moseh. 
Drlnkfl,    oold— /Ifcrn.;      ^nJ.    1.^ 

Calc*  c*;    Cocc;    Cupr.  m,; 

Onosni.      See  Thirst. 
Drlnkir   hot— Ca&tar. ;     Castan.; 

Sabad. 
Eggi- Calc.  c. 
Farlnaceoufi  food — Sabad. 
Fati-  Ml? v.. 

Food  coarier  raw — Ahiei  c;    SIL 
Food  cold-    Bry. ;    PhoSn;    Puis. 
Food  flBh     SuL  fLc\ 
Food  warm,  hot  -Ch el.;   Sabiid. 
FruU«*  juicy  thingi—Alo*;    Ant.t.;    Mas c^    Phos.ac.^ 

Ver.  a. 
LemonadB^Am,  m,;    Cycl,;    Sab. 

Meat— Abies  c;    Cak.  fj.;    \-^\,  \.\    hi^%.  c;    Menyanlh. 
ADiJr— ApiBt    i?Jlni*  i.;    Sabal. 


Asim.;     BelL;     Bty,; 
DuIch!    Mwrt.;    Nat,  8.; 

CAW.r     Li^c..     Med,, 


STOMACH  795 

Ojitira— Laeh. 

8a.U-— Calc.  c;    Cattnt.;    Med.;    Nat.  m.;    Phas. 

tpicmB— Cinch.;    Phior.  ac:     Hep.;    Nux  m.\    Nux  v.; 

Sanp^;    Staph, 
8w«eU,   can^—Arg.  h.;    Calc.   c;    Cina;    Coca;     Co- 

caim^;    Kali  c;    jLyc;    Med.;    Saba.d^;    Sul. 
TolJ*ccl>-r-AsaT. ;    Carb.  ac;    Carbo  v.;    Coca;    Daphne; 

Staph. 
7*rlCiua  thlnei— Cjna^    Cinch,-   Colch.;    Rh^um'    Sang. 
Te£«tAl)le8'  Abies  c.\    Mag.  c. 
Water*    cold — Aeon,;     Agar,    eraet.-     Ant.   t.;     Apoc.: 

*4rj,.      Asim.;     BelL;      Cak.    c.;     Onosm,;     Phos*; 
IVr.  a.      See  Thirst. 
TEOf OS  THAT  DISAQBEE- Beer:    Ferr.  ra.,     Kali  bick. 
Bread  -Hy dr. 
Cabbage— i?ry.;    Petrol. 
CoHfle— Lye. 
Drlnki,   cold— >l ft.;    Calad.,     Dig.;     Elftps;     Kali  iod.; 

Wr,  a. 
DrinkSi  warm,  hot— Bry.;   Graph.;    Pltut.;    FWs.p 
Fats— C ale.  c.t    Cyd^;    Puis.*    Thuya* 
Food*  cold— Kali  iod. 
Food  of  anjMnd— Alet.;    Amyg.  pers.;    Carbt^v.;   Lath.; 

Musch.;    Nat,  c. 
Food,  wmnu — Puis. 

Meat — An.;    Ferr*  m.^    Kali  bich.;    Rumex* 
Mma^.'Eth.;     Calc,   r.;     Cinth.;     Kali   iod.;     Mat.   c.; 

Mag  m.-    Niccol.:    OL  j.  a,;    Pod.;    Sep.;    Sttl. 
Odor  of  food  iiauseatei — Ars,;  Cocc. :  Cekh.;  Dii?,;  Sep, 
Melon*- Zinc, 
OFiterfl — Lye. 

Fas tT7  —  A n t.  c . ;    Lye;    Puia. 
Potatoei — Ahitn. 
Sour  load,  drinki— Phos.  ac. 
Staroby  food— Car^u  v.;  Cinch.; 
Sweet! — Arg.  ».;    Zinc. 
T9M.— Cinch.;    Dicwc;    Ferr*  m*: 
Tobacco — Ign.;   Phos-;    Stlen., 
T<S  elabl  e  I — H  y  dr. 
Water — Art.;    Chin,  ars- 
Water  Inipure — Zin^;. 
Wine— Zinc. 
ATONY    OF  -  (Myasthenia)  I      BclL;      Igii.;      PodophyL 


^ 


7g6 


SEPEaTORY 


BILIOUSNESS— Be rb.   v.;     Bry.:    Cbel,;     Cinch,;    Dta*c . 

E.»i&Kvm.:     Fftrr,    m.-      Hydr,:     Iriit;     Kali   c-;     Ltpt-. 

Lye  t     Mag.    m,"     Mtrc,;     Nat.  s, ;      Nitro.    niur^  il, 

A^uxv.:  Pod.;  Ful?,;  SuL;  Ttiroar.,^  Yucca.     See  Liver 

CANCEB  OF — Aott.   ac;     Afg.   n.;     Ars^:     BelL;    Bism  - 

Calc.fi, i    Ct>f*d«r.;    Con,:    Hydr,;     Kuii  hi^k.:    Kalic* 

Kr$OB.;     Mag.   p,;     Nux  v.:     Onjithog.;     Plumb,  m-. 

Sec.      See  Generalitie-a. 

CABDIAC  OBIFIQE— Contra otion  of:    Alum 

Hry.;     Phox-^    Phimb-  m. 

Pain   at    <c&rdlalgl»}  —  Agar,;     Can,    ind.: 

CatiL;    Cupf.  Iff.,     Firfr.  i^y.^    Ferr.  larl. 

Mag.   m.-     Nat.    m.;     Nil.   nc;     OnlRcus; 

See  Pain. 

gparanodia    coatn^iilloii   of*   painful,    car<Uo-Ei>u»- 

,^th-:    Agar.;    Arg.  n.;    Are.;    BelL;   Caitl.;    Hyos* 
Ign,;    Nnx  v.;    Puts.;    RhuB  l.;    Sit 
Dllatatltm   of    (saitroptOElS) — Bbm,;     HydraM. 

GASTEAI.G1A— Sec  Pam 

GAgTBIG  AFFECTIONS  l>etter  m  open  air— Adnii. 
GASTEIC  AFFECTIONS  of  i-lgar-mak«rB-  Igti. 
HEMETEMEfi  IS — H^noFrhac  e     from  t       Aeon,; 
Cact.;     Canth.;     Carbo    v.;     Ctnch.;      CocaiHw; 
Cupt.  m.;     Erig.;    Ferr.  p,;    Ficcus*     G^ra,TT*^ 
Hyos.:      Ipge.;      Kreos.;      Milltf.;      Nit.    ac: 
Sec;    Trill.:    ZintJ.  m. 
HICCOnGH— (filnsultui):    jEth,;     Agar,;     Amyl; 
Cajnp.;      Cic;     Cocaine;     Coec, ;     Cur>r.    m.| 
DiosCr;      Eup.     perf.^      Gin*.;      Hy(iri>Cr    ac, ; 
Ign.;     Kali  br^i    Mag.  p,;    Afofpit.;    Mosch*; 
Nictol,  I      ATwjK   V,;     Ol.    succini;      RataHk,; 
TaL.;    Ver.  v,;    Zinc.  v. 
Hiccougti  after  smoldiig— Stile n. 
Hlc:  cough  followed  by  spaEzn — Cupr.  m. 
HI c c ough  wi til  bel clilzis  —Caj^p,;    Cl c. ,     Dii^B^., 

V.I    Wyeth. 
Hiccough  with  hysterical^    iLezrous    s3rmptoiiit—  li*'< 

Mo&ch. :    Zinc.  v. 
Hiccough  with  pains  In  baek,.  a.f  t«r  eating,  nufiini^ 

Tcucr. 
Hlccoiigh  with  retching,     vomltliig— Jatropha;     %^i 

fK  ;     Merc. ;      Nuii  v. 
HI 0 cough  with  ■paEm  of  efiophi^ua — Ver,  v. 


Bar.  10 . 

Ffjrspira. 
Strnnt   c. 


«i*f , 


Arn. 
Crot. 

Cyd. 
NbI.  m 


:V*|» 


STOMACH 


791 


Hloeotigh  with  y^awnlng     AmyU    Carls.;    Triirc, 
HTPEBCHLOEHYDEIA  -Hyper -B^cidity Of:    Anac^   Anl. 

0.       Arg.     II.;        -Mrap.;      Biism.;      CatTeine;      Calc.    p.\ 
Carho    -u,;     Cliam.j     Chin,    ars.:     Cinth.:      /rMr     Lr^b, 
iofl.;    Lye;    Mag.  c;    Nat.  p-:     N%if^  v.;    Orsxin^  iQH,i\ 
Phos.;    Puis.;    /?£>6m.;    SuL;    SuL  ac. 

Hyper»the^la  o| — Atb*  n,\    Ars. :    Bistn,;    Chm.  ars. 

Hyperperifitalala     of — Ars.;       Pel    tauri.;     Hyos.;     Irti.; 

PhuS. 

INDIGESTION,      DYSPEPSIA     BemedloK     la     ir«nem: 
AbiE^s    c;      Abiex    n.;      j4£sl.;     jEth.;     Alet.;    Alliutms.; 
AJoe;    Alnus:    Altim.:    Anac;    Atii.  c;    Ant.  t-j  ^rg. 
n.i    Am.;    Ars.;    Atrop.;    BaiJt,;    Bell.!    Bism.;    Bry.^ 
Calc,   c;     Calc.   chlor. ;     Caps.;     Carbo  ac;     Carha  u.; 
Card.  lU.i   Cham.;    ChcL.    Cina,    Cinch  ^;  Co  tar   Coch- 
lear-;     Colch.;     Corn,   fl.:     Ciipr,   ac;    Cycl.t    tMonc.i 
Fcl   tauri.;    Fcrr,  m,;    Gent.;  Graph.;    Hep.!    Hfintar.:'^ 
Hydr  ;    I  &  n . ;    I  od . ;    ^  jti* c . ;    I  ria  t     Ka  / 1  bicAi . ;     K ai  t  £-.  p^ 
Kali    m.;     Lach. ;     Lept.;      Lob.    itifl.:     Lye;     Merc; 
Nat,  c;   Nat.  m.;    Nit,  ac, ;    Nuxm,;    Nuxv.:    PetT-ol.* 
Phos.r     Pod,;     Pop,    tr.;      Prun.    sp,;      Ptel  ;      Pvli.t\ 
Robin.;    Sal.  ac. ;    Sang.;     Sep.;    Stami.;    Stryck.  ftrr. 
lit.;    Stil- ,    Sul,  ac;    XcrnphyL 
CAUSE-   Adds:     Ant.  c;    An. 

Aged.    delJiIltat«d— Are.;      Carbo    v,t     Cvncb.;      Hydr/f] 
Kali  c, 

Befir- -  B apt. ;     Ktili  bich. 

Bttmd — Ant,  c. 

BtighV^  diieaie — Apoc^See  Urinary  System 

Cheese  — Nux  v. 

Coffee     AbiLS  n.;    Nux  v. 

Cold  bathiiis — Ant.  e. 

DebAUcher^  In  general  — Am.  i.r    Nat.  s.;    Nmx  v, 

Diet eticlndlscTetlOBS  — Allium  s.:  sAnt.c:    Bry.;  tprc.; 
Nat.  c;     Xux  V,;     PuiM, 

Bg^  albumen — Nujc  v. 

Ezeesiet — Carbo  v.;    Cinch., 


-Carbo 


CycL. 


Nun  V. 

Ip-ec; 


Pat  food 

Thuya, 
n&tulent  food  — Lye. 
Fruits-- Ars,  1    Cinchr;    EUpa;    Pub. 
Gmstrio  juJeer  icanty — Alnua;    Aimu, 
Oout — Ant    t  ;     Crick.;     Nux  m. 
MAMty  emting,  diinJdnif- Atiac;    Zo^ 


Kali   m.;      Pui»., 


Lye. 


OUawd. 


7g8  REPERTORY 

Hot  weather— Ant.  c, ;    Bry, 

Ice  water*  Icct-^-Ar^.;    El&ps;    I  pec;    Nat.  c;    Ptih. 
Melons—  Ar^. :    Zinkj. 
McmstruatlDn —Cup. 
Kleatf  —  Ca  urt. ;    1  pe  c , ;    P  uls* 
Milk— .€th,:    UAg,  c;    Mag.  m. 
P  flritlT — A  n  tc. ;    1  p*d . ;    Kali  m . ;     P  tils. 
Frecnaji07"&abad.:    Sinap.  a. 
Salt,  &buie  of — Phoe, 
SedentaiT  life — Nux  v, 
Teft — Abies  n.;    Cinch.;    Diasc;    Thea, 
Vegetableip  tobacco— -Ars.;    Asclep.   tr,  Nux  v.;    5rf. 
Wlnei.  llquori — Ant.  c. :  Caps.:  CoB.;   Nux  v,;  SuL  ac- 
UrtlCftTla — Cop.     See  Things  that    disa^ee   (rervert&d 
Appetite). 
TTPS — Atonic,   nerroui,    add— Aiet.;     Alston,;     Afiae,: 
Arg.  w.;    CatuB.;    Carb*  ac;     Carboy  p.;     Cinch, i    Fear,. 
Hep.:     Ign.:     Kaii  p.;     Lob.    infl,:     Lye;      Nux  tf.* 
Pho3.;    PteL:   Quaa*.;    Rg^tanh.:    SuL;    Val. 
Gatarrbal — Abies  c;    Abies  n.\    Ani.  c:    Arg.  n.:  Ca.k. 
c;    Carb.  ac.;    Carba  y.;    Collins.;    Geran.^     Hydr; 
Hydroc.   ac.;     Illic-;     tpec.;      Kali   hich.*     Nux  v,. 
Ox,  ae,:     Pvis.;    SuL      See  Chronic  Catarrhal  Cas^ 
tritia, 
SYMPTOMBANDCONBITIONS— Acldltr:    Calc.  c  :  Carbo 
v.;     !<Hx  v.;    Puis,;    Robin.      See  Hyperchl&rhydria 
Coufll — Lub    ,'^yph-;    Tfl-xtLS.      See  Respiratory  System 
DigeiUon,  weak,  ilaw  (bradypepila)— Alston.;    ^war  . 
Ant,  c.;     Ari?,  ii,t    Asaf.;    Bism,;     QatMi.;     Cafba  t.: 
Cinch.:      Cochlear.;       Diosc;       EucaL;       Dranat. 
Graph.:    Hydr.;    Ipse,;    Lye.;   Merc;    Nat.  c,  Nit 
m.;     Nnx  v.;    Prun.  v,;    Pitlw*:    Zin^.      See  Iniliges- 
licin. 
Ulitreia    from    ttmplGBt    food— Alet.;     Amygr.    pciv.; 
Ccirbo  v.;    Cittch.:     Diq.;    Lach.;     Nat.  c:     Nttt  v„ 
Puis, 
DrowKlneis,     sleepiness- Bism.;      Carho     v.;     CindL; 
Epiphe^.;     Fci   tuuri.;    Grat. ,     Kali  e.;     Lj^.;  MaS. 
chlor.;    Nat.  m.\    Phos.  ac. ;    Sarrac:    Staph* 
EEUCTATIONB,  helthUm— Ah ffs    n.;    Acet.   aci  Aitar. 
Anac;       AHt^    t,;      .4rg.     «,;     Am,;       .4*d/.;     Bis  Pi.; 
Bry.:    Cajup,;   Calc,   c;    Calt.    p.;   Caps.;   Cajb  h  »«  . 
Carbo    v.;     Cham.;     Cinch.:    Cycl.;     Diasc,     Papi*ip  . 
Ferr.    m,;    Perr.    p.:     Graph.;    Grat.;    Hep.;    Mydf.^ 


STOMACH  799 

Ind.;       lod.;     Ipec;       Knit     c:      Lob^     infl.;       Lye^; 
Mag.    c;    Mosch.:    Nal.   p.;    Nit.   ac;    Nnx  m.;     Fs^uin 
v.;      Pbos.^      Pod,;      Fuii.;      Robin.;      Rumex;      Sal. 
ac:    Sang*;    Sep.:    Stsl.;    SuL  ac.j    VaL 
Eruotfrtloni,  odorl«BS,  tast«U»Si  empt^— v^gar.;    Am- 

im;    AiaSr.;    Cota;    Hep.;    lad.;    Oleaad. 
Em  ctatloni ,  ran  oid>  pu  trldp  foul — .4  r  » . ;    B  is  m , ;    Carho 
T.f.;      Chain  r;      Diosc;      Grapli,;      Hydr.;      Kali    c.i 
Mag.    s*;      Pacjr, i      Pah.;     Sang."      Thuya;      Val»; 
Xerophyl. 
Eruct&tloiLi,  Tellvre   temporarily — Arg.   n.;    Bar.   c; 
Bry.;    Calc.  p.;     Car5iJ  v.;    Ol.  an.;     A'ws  f,;    Puis, 
EruotatiiSDi,    lOiir,  Immliiff,  add,  bitter — Acet.  ac; 
Calc*  c.;   CalC- p.;    Carhov,;    Dio$c.;    Perr.  p.;   Ipec; 
Ilydr. ;     Katie,;    Lact,  ac;    Lyt,;    M^g- c;     Nat.  p.; 
Nit.  at.;    Nit.  mtir.  ac;     A^Mjt  il;    Phos.  ac;    Pkos.i 
Pod.:      /^w/*r      Robin.;     SabaL;     Sal.    ac;     Senlc; 
Sep,;    Sin:ip.;    SuL;    Xcraphyl, 
Eructation  1 1  tasting  of  lugeita — Ant.  c;    C&rbo  v^: 
Cinch. ;    Ferr.;    Puk, 
Falnttns — M  os  ch, 

FLATXTLENT  DISTENTION    Of     <tomacli»    drumUko— 
Abie&    C;    Agar,;      Ant.    c.;     Arg.    n.;    Asaf.;     Cajup,; 
Calc.     c;     Calc.     d.;     Caps,;     Carb.     ac;      Carbo    v.; 
Cinch.;    Colch,;  Diosc;   Grat.;  Ign.;    Kali  c;    Lacb.;. 
Lye.;    Mosch*;      Nhx   m.;     Nux    v*;    Pop.    tr.;     Puis 
See  Sensations. 
Headache — Bry.;    Carto  v.;    Kali  c;     Nux  v.;    Robin,; 
Sang.;   Tarax.      See  Head, 
HBABTBUEKi    pyrOili— Am.    c;    Ant.     c;    Aporoorpb.; 
Ar^.    n,i     Ars,;     Bism.;     CajupK;    Calc.  c;    Calend.; 
Caps.;      Carbo    v.;     Chin,    e,;     Diast:.;    Fagop.;    Gall, 
ac>;      lod,:     Lob.    infl.;      Lye;    Mag,    m.:     Nat.  m.; 
Nux  t'..      Pmh.;     Robin.;     Sang.;    Sub  ac^;    Tab. 
Laisitudo,  weakness — Act.  &p.:     Ant.   t.;    An.;   Can.  s.; 

Caps.;    Carbo  an.;    Grapb.;    Grat.;    Nux  v. 
Mental  depression*  dulness— Nux.  v.     See  Mind, 
NaUiea*    vomiting— Ant.    t.;      An.    tt.;    Ar^.;      Atrop. ; 
Bry.;      Carb.    ac;      Carbo    v.;      Cham,;     Firr,    m,; 
Graph,;     Kalibich.;    KreoB.;     Lept.;      Nuxv.i    Puis.; 
Rbust. ;    Sang.;   Sep,      See  Vomiting, 
Falpitatlon  Of  the  heart— Abies   c;     Ars^  «;    Carbo  v.: 

Nat.  m.t    Nux  v.      See  Circulatory  System. 
FAIN--  Abiet  »./    JEsrC*,    Am.;    Ar«,;     Bry^;    Calc.   mur., 


8oo 


REpERTOftY 


Nat,     m,;      Nu^  v.; 
See  Pain 
Arn.:   Calc.  c.j  Carit) 


Gamb>;      Homafr;       Kali     m.t 
Paraf.;     Phax;    Scutel.;    Siann. 
Faltj  immediately  alter  e&tliis- 

r.;    Cncc. ;     Kali  bich.:     Kali  c, 

PaM  several  hours  after  e&tlng- 

h y  p i:* f  h ,  ■     N u y  v.;     Puis. 
PreiEUre  ».s  Itmh  a   stone— .4i?*>ff   «.;     Aeon.; 

Am.;    Ars.;    Bry.;    Cote,  c:    Dig.;    Ferr.  ta.; 

jPCdft    hich.;     Lye,;      Nux    v.,-     Pbos,    ac; 

Rhus  t.;    Rumex. 
Pull  A  Won  In  epl^AStTltim — HydT.;    Nat.  m.;    Ptile 
Pulsation  In  rectum  -Alue. 
Kei^urgltatlon    of   food — .^th.;     Aitcfn;     Am.    m< 


Hep., 


;    Ans 


Ipt!€.;    Merc.^    Nat-p, ;    Nux 


Sang       See  Mouth. 


Rhus  t.      See  Keft'i 

iLc;  Ant.  c;    Ats^\  Bry., 

Fagop,:     Hydn;    La" 

u,    Ni*:^v.;   Pod.;   PmU, 


c;     Asaf,;     Cham.: 

Sallirafclon— Mffrr.;   Nat.  m. 

Sweating— Nat.  m. 

Vertifo — Cnrbo  v  ;     GTot;     Nux 

WATERS KAflM— Abies  n.  ]  A^^et.    i 

C^c.  c;     Carba  v.;     I>io5C.; 

Bc;     hyc.;    Ma.g.  m,;   Nat* 

SyiTiTihor.*    Ver.  a. 

GASTRITII  -Inflammation  of:    Acute:     At^an.:     Agar 

emtit.;     Ant.  I.;     Arx.;     BelL;    Bism.;     Bry.;    Hydr  , 

Hyos,;    Ipse;    Im;     Kali  bich.;     Merc,  c;     hfux  v . 

Ox,  Bc;    Phos.-    P-ub.;    Banton.;     Ver,  a.;    Zine. 

Acute  from,  alcoholic  ahuse— Arg.   n,;     An.:    Btsm.. 

Crot,:    Cupr.:    Gattfih.:    Kali  s  ;    Ntix  v,:    Phte- 
Acute,  withtnte(tinal  inTOWement  (Gastro-eiiterltli)' 
Alumen;      Arg.    n.;      Arg.:      &!/'/.;      Bry  ;     Cupr.: 
Merc;     Rhvs  L;    Santon,:    Zinc, 
Chronic  (Catarrh  of  stomafth)  — .4fi/.  <?.;    Ant.  i*;    Afg 
»,;      Ats,;      Bism.;      Calc.    cblor.;      Caps,;      Cf^fk, 
Colch.r     Dig.:    Hydr.;    Hydroc.   ae.;     llljc;    lod. ; 
Kii H  b kk . ;    Merc .  c, :     A'  ux  ik  ;•  O p ►  *    Phosr. ;  '  Pwd, ; 
Ptih.t    San^.r    Sil.;    Ver.  a.;    Zinc. 
KATTSEA— CQualmlshneiBj:     Ani.   c.;  -Atit;  "iV  '^W^-* 
>lptfiMtjrM  ;   Arg.  n.;    Arn,;    Ars,;   Asarl:    Bell.;  Btrfb 
v.;    ^ry.;    Carb.  ac;    Carbo  v.;    Chcl.;    Cocc;    €oUk, 
Cupr,  mr.     Di^,;    Eug.  j,;    Fagop,;     Fi:rr,   m.;    Gloti.; 
Hyper,:    Icbtli.;     Iptc.^    Iris:     Kali  bich.;     Kali  c 
ital;    Lact.  ac.;    Lob,  \Tvft, ,   Uttt  «;.\   Morjib^    ATw 
E^. '  Ostrya*  P*ifoI.:  ^^cji&/,  ^^^*\  Y^^.\  %%xaL,  ^^-l 
Stryoh.;    Symplii^r,;    Tab,;   T\.^t..  Vm.   ^.;N«-t 


STOMACH 


801 


H^iJiaea  before  bre&ktait — Hfirb,  v,;    Gosayp,;    S<p. 

Haul ea  Irom  Ijeer— Kali  bkh. 

NiUiBea  from  csloglng  eyei— Ther, 

K^usea  frozti  coflee— Cham. 

Nauiea  Irom  ioes*  ooM — Ars. 

2Tausea  from  pregnuioy — Lact^   aa     Lac    v,   c;     Mug. 

c;     jifjff-   ^w.,     Phos.  ac;     Pitoc;    5<£ipib.,     Ss^irych,: 

Sul.      See  Fenialie  Sexual  Syslem. 
ff^m  rldlnc  In  can,  boa  t — At  n . :       C  ccc , ;        N  n  t     m , ; 

From  uxiell  or  altfht  of  food     .Cth.^  /iM^-Cocc^i  Cttirh  : 

Sep.;    Stann. 
From  Bsxioldng — Eti]>lira^.;    l'ho»\:   Tab. 
From  aweeti — Graph. 
From  water  —  Apoc  ;    .4r*.;    Vera. 
From  water  aerated,  cbampacne— Digtuix. 
With  crampi— Triti&t. 
Witti  desire  for  ttool— Dulc. 
With  dlarr^cea*  aim  a  ty— Ant:  t. 
Wttkb  drowsLneifl  "ApQC. 

With  falntnetB  — ^rj^.;  Cace.,  Coloh,:  PJai  ;   Pnh.,   Val. 
With  headache  — ^id«;    Pormica;    Puk. 
With  huiiger— iSffrfr,  a^,,-   Cocc;    VaL 
Wl th  meui ei  —  C  roi .;  Sy m  p ho r. 
With  palii*  coldneii— Cadm    &. 
With  pal e»  twitoblnff  face,  no  reUef  from  ^omltltii^ 

Ipec. 
With  previure  dowiiwaril.  In  Inteitfnei—  Amu, 
With  reiiel   from    eating  -  Z-qd.    ac;     Mcz,i     Santon  : 

Vib.  i.HK 
With  relief  from  Iflng  down— Echiii.;     Kuli  r,,     Pula. 
With  relief  from  smokiiij— Euk  j. 
With  iallvatlon—Zpifc,;    PctroK:    Sana 
With  vertUfO   -Hyus. 
With  Ttalop  dim. — Uya, 

Worie  after  eating  — A»ar.;    BcrVi,  oq.;    Ipt^. 
Woric  If om  motion,  rtiinf  —  Bry.;   Syfo^hor.  j    TruiHt  , 

WOrie  in  monUnff  — Fa^tip.;    Lust,  ac,;    iV^iu  r,,-   PitU,, 

IfEBYOUS   DiaOEDESS   OF-  Agfiw.;  Bell,;  Col.;  hftig.  p  , 

SanH.      Sci'  Pair*. 

PAIM  IN — r  ^i ifodyniM. ) ;  Ttpe  '^  Jiehinft '.    ^Sa^l  .;  ^^  ^t  . 
MuroiiWr  »*  from  uie^T—Acgi.  a€.i    Kuai    etcvt\..    V 


rt^;  Aft,;  Asaf,:  Bism.:  Cadm.  br. :  CK( 
Condur*;  Formicft;  tod.,'  Kali  iod^;  1 
Lapis  alb^;  Manciti.;  t't,  o^^.;  5ii/.;  Ufl 
Sensations.  i 

CnmWf  cimtnctlYe>  cdHoI^,  dr&witic— '^{»i>«i 
sp.;  Agat.  ph.;  Arg.  n.;  Bapt.t  B^L$ 
B'ism,\  Calc.  c;  C&rbo  v.;  Ccicainet  Cd^* 
Con.;  Gr&nat.:  Graph.;  Ign,;  Jatrophi 
itifl.;  Mag.  p,;  Nuxv.;  Phos.:  Plat.:  Ptd 
V,      Sfje  Sensations.  ^ 

Cutting,  Iftn etui. ting*  sttlching,  ip&smodlc,  -d 
,  darting,  tearfng,  ihootlns— At^uii.;  J 
Arg.  n.;  Atrop.;  BelL;  Bism.]  Bry,* 
Card,  m,:  Chin,  are,;  Coi.;  Cupr.  ae.; 
Hydr*;  Itsn.;  Ins;  Ka)ic.;  Mag.  p^i  /Vi 
ac;    Thall. 

Eplgattrlc  (pit  of  z%€fa^€ti]  — Abies  €.;    Abfes 
sir,;    Alae;    Am.  m.;    /Ir/j.  «.;    Am.;    At*.; 
Z^*;;.;    Bism.;     Bry.;    Cina;    Diosc;     J?yi/f: 
llm;    Kal  ;    Paraf.;    Phos,;    Sang.:    V*t,  a^ 
Onawliig,  hUHffry-llk*— Abrot.;    j^ac;    ^^of,; 
Ara  H    n , ;     Ci «  a ;     i&d. ;     P  uU . ;      t/ro  ». 
tiuns. 
GASTEALOU.— lT«ur»lgl«  t    Abies   n.;     Anac 

A  f  i . ;     .4  tfcfp,;     B  ia  m . ;    B  ry . ;    Carb<*  v. ;    Ch«ti 

aff.r'     Ciaat     Coce.:     Cod.i     Coleh*;     Col^i- 

C«pr.  iir*,,'    Dig.;    Diosc;    Fcrr.  m.;    Glon. 

Hydroc.  ac*;    IfeTi-;    Ipe*:.;    Kali  e.;    iV«tir  w., 

Plumb.;    Ptel.;    Quaas.;    Spi(?.;    Stann,;    5It 

nc;    Tab.;     Ver.  a.L    Zinc, 

CON€OMrrAKTB   AND    CAtTSES     Wil^  ftnenil«: 

Gion.;    Graph. 

With  cbronlc  gftfltrltli— Bi!«m. 

With  chronic  Tllcor— Arg,  jv. 

Wltb  constlpstlOU— Phyaost. 

With  gout  — Colch, 

With  hyitcrti— lun. 

With  lactation— Carbo  v. 

Wl th  n e nrou %  depreiilon  — Ca \\\\)\.\    N 1 1 x  t , 

With  recurrepcc     Graph. 

With  uteriQf;  disorder—  Bor. 

fll  ckenlng  pain     Ofv  i  r  y  a 

mBALlTIE!^     AOaEAVATIOIft  \  ^T«m\i*«  \  ^^i( 


STOMACH  So  3' 

l^om  bending  lorward— K^L 
From  eotlee  — Caitth. 
From  foodt  wina^ — Bar.  c. 
Froina  Jur — Aloe;     BeiL;    Bry. 

From  prefiiur«— Calc.  e.;    Coelilear. 
From  touch — Irh,;    Ox-  ac. 
Fr<mi  water^  eold— Calc.  c, 

FfOm  worms — ^Cina-    Granat* 

MELIORATIONS— From  liendln^  backward,    Etandin^ 
erect;    Diosc. 
FroTii  drlnki,  coW^Bism. 
From  drinks,  warm — Ver.  v. 
From  eattns^ — Anac;     Brom.;     ChcL:     Graph,;     /V<r^«; 

Hnmar,;    lod.^    Kreos.i    Nat.  m.;     PHr^i,;   Sep, 
From  ilttlnc  ereot-^Kal. 
From  Tomltfnc — Hvos. 
PYIiOKUB — ConitrlctlOD   of;     Cinch.;     Hep.;      Nvw   f.,' 
Phos.;    Sil, 
mduratlon  of — B is m . ;  Co « du r, ;    P h t®. ■  Sep. ;  5/ r>(J ft .  f». 
F&ln  in — Canth.;    Cepa;    //i?/'.,'    Lye;    Merc;    Tussil  i 

Ufa«.      See  Const  Hot  ion. 
SHNSATlOlfS— Ai  if  fitomach  were  full  of  dry  food—Calad, 
Ai  If  slom&eh  was  pressed  Jtffalnit  *pine— Am. 
BumtnCp  heat— Abies   c;     Acetn   ac.;     Aeon,;     A^ar^; 

Am.  n,;    .4f*.;    Bism.:    Calopt.;    Camh,;   Carb.  ac.; 

Carb^v,;    Caust.'   CdIcH.;    Ferr.  m.;  Graph.:   Hep.; 

Irii;    Merc.  c.\    Phos,;    SanR,;    StiL:    TereK 
CoIdnesS^Abrot.:     Campk,;     Cinch.;     Cokh,:     BUpa; 

Hippom.;     Kali   cr,     Kreos,;     Mgnyanlk.;     Ol.   an.; 

Pyi-us;    Sabad.:   Su!  ac:     Vera. 
Distended,  drumlike,  tlghtneBt*  ctothlii^  Intolerable  — 

AbrcEe.;    Abeinth.',    Agar.;    Anac.;    Arte.;    Apnc; 

Atg.  n.:    Ar&.j    Asaf.;    Cajvfi,:    Cah.  <-.;    Calc.  tl.; 

Calc,  iod.;    Calc,  PhJ    Cape,;    Carb,  ac;     Car^r?  %\: 

Cbeb-     Cinch.;    Cdcc;    Coi^:^.,     Diuse.;    Pel   tauri; 

Fcrr,  m,;    Grat.;    Ign.:     Kali  £,;    Laeh.;    Lob,  infl.; 

Ly^^.;    Mosch.;    Nat.  cholein.;     Nit.  ac;     Nmx  m.! 

Nux  v.;    Pop.tr.;    Puis.;    SuL 

Empty,  falntp  sinking,  "all  fone*'  feellne— Abies  e.; 

Apoc, :     Bflpt. ;     Caps,;      Carbo    v.;      Cim.;     CotCi,% 
DifSi    Ocls.:    Hydw,;    Hy  dmc,  ac;    l^^n,^    "K.b^W  v'i 
L&trod,:  Lob.  infl.;   Morph.;    Murcit;    Pkos.;  ¥Vfe\, 
PnlE.;   5&p.;   St^nn,;    Stil.-     Tdb.;    TUea* 


So4 


REPERTORY 


Binpt7  f e ellngi  T«Uev«d  b^  eAtlnc  —  .1  vac. ;    Chr!. ;  Na u 

r.;     Miir.;     Phcrs.;    Sep- 
H«^Tliie»it  preisure*  &i  from  itovke — Abie^  n.;    Acoiu; 
.4rg,   «.,'     Ars.i     Bism.;     Bry,;     Calc,  c;     Cafbo  v.; 
Dig.;    Ferr,  m,;   Graph.;     ICo/ifriVA,/    Kalic.:   Z*3w*» 
A^wi;   I'.;     Piloc.;     Phos.;      PuIm.;     Robin.;     Sang.: 
Spit'.;    Sul.i    Xerophyl;    Zing. 
Puli&UDnt,   fhrobbluc — Arg.    n. ;     Asaf . ;     Cact.,     Cic  ; 
Crot.-     EucraL;     Hydr.;    lod,;      Kali  c;     Kali  i>d.; 
Nal.  m.;    Oleand.:     Puis.;    Rheum. 
Sel&Xfld.  tiawfiTig  down  f«fltliiK—AgaT. ;     Hydr.;    len.; 

fpect  Staph,;  S«L  ac;  Tafe, 
Tendeni«ss»  to  cont&ol,  preisure,  Jart — Api^;  Arg.  d  : 
Ars.;  Bo  v.;  Bry.:  Calc.  cl  Calc.  iod.;  Canth-; 
Carbo  v.;  Cinch.;  Dig,:  Kali  bicb,;  Kali  c^. 
Lachr;  Lye;  M^rc.  c;  Nat,  c;  JVnje  t>*;  Pbofi  . 
Puls.t  Sang.;  Spig^;  Stann.;  SuL 
Trembling— Arg.  n.;    Crot. 

floItenlQC  of  (jrastro-mAlacla) — tCreos.;    Merc,  d. 
TfilBST — Acetr   at-;     Aeon,;    Ant,   c*;     Ant,    t.,     Apot 
An.;    Ars.  md.;    Belln;    Bism.:    Sf^j'.,-    Cuwl/i.;   Cars 
Cham.;    Chin,  ars.;    Cocc;    Colch.;   Cupr,  ars.i   Dwk  . 
£:h^.  P*ff.;    Helleb.:    Ichtb.;    lod.;     Kali  br,;    L««t 
acn;    Laur.;    Mod.;    Mere.  c»;    Mtrc,;    Morph.;     N^af 
»l;    Ku3t  V,;     fAcfj.;    Pod.;    Rkuy  L:    Sang.;    Sirain.; 
Sn L ;    Te reb . ;     V er.  a.:    V cr,  v, 
Gonsiant  ilpplnff  of  cold  wat«r — Aeon.;    Ant,  t.;   .4rj., 

Onosm.;    Sanic. 
D rtikks  £ eUom  but  mu oh  —  Bry. ;    H el leb . ;    Pod. ;   5 1/. , 

Ver.  a. 

ThirstleBsncBE— j«th,;    Ant.  t.;    Apii;    Cinch.;   Cyd. 

aeh  ;    Hclkb.;    Menyanth.;     Puh.;    Sabad.:    Sar* 

in.GER   OF  STQMACU^ Arg     n,;     Art.;     Atrpp,;    Bdl  . 

Bisra.;    Condnr, ;    Crot,:    Ferr,  acet.;     Gfran.;    Ham; 

Hydr.;     lod.;    Ipec;     Kuti  biek,;    Kali  iod.;    LyCi 

M^rc.c:   Mofd.;   Op.;    Om&tkog^:  Phos,;    Plumb,  ac/. 

Uran. 

VOMITma.  EETGHmG— Bemedlei  in  gener&l:    Aeon.; 

,^tk.;     Aliimen;     Amy^^  am.;     Amy^j,   pers.;     Afi^  f-* 

Ant.  t.;    Appc;    Apom&rph,;    AriT-  n.;    Aw*,:    Atr^P  . 

Bell:  Bifim.;  Bot.;  Bry.;  Cadm.  s.;  Gale,  c,;  Calc,  m.; 

Cerium;     Chel,;     Cxuc\\,;    Cotci    ^t>\tV  \   C*^i   «-: 
Ctipr.  m.;    Eup.perl..    Ferr,  m.;  ^^tr.  taux.%  ^m  v  . 


STOMACH 


Gautth«i     Geran.;     Qranai.;     /fee.;     irh;     Jatrffpba; 
Kali  bich.;     Kreos.;     Lpb.  t«^.-     Mag,   t,;     Merc,   c; 
Morph.;      Nat.    p.^      .Vii*   t^:     Op^;     Petrol,;      Phtis,; 
Fix   Ir.    Fuh.;    Sep.;  Stann.^    Strych.:  Strydi.  ct  ferr. 
Cit^:     Tab.;    Uran.;    VaL;      V>r.  j.;    Xerophyh    Zinf. 
USE-  Beer :   Cupr.;    Kali  hicb. 
iowels  Unp^c%9C.^Op,j    Plumb.;    Pyr* 
SUmacteric  —  Aq  uil . 
!10»lii«  eyea  -Ther. 
)rlnJEi»  eold>  can  only  ret&in  hot  drtBlCi — Apnc.;    At»  ■ 

Ars.iod.:    Calad.:    Cascar.;    ChvL;   Ver.  a. 
Drl&lii  Ot  ftBjr  kilui— Apoc:     Ant.   t.;     Art.i     Bism,; 

Ca^iih.;    Sanic;      Ffr*  a-  '     ^i' 

Piinkt,  warm—Br^,:    Ph&9.:    Pvh.;   Pyr,;   Sank. 
£atlxis»   drlxikliis^Acet.    ac.^     Ant.    t.;     Aft^:     Br^f.; 
Calc,  mur.;  Cina;   Crot.;    Ferr,  m.,-   Ferr.  p,;  Hyrwi. , 
lod.:    Lye;     Pkos,;     Puk.^     Sil,;      Ver.  a,;    Ver.   v. 
Hy I ter  1  cal  —  .4 ga  t7. .    K re oa . :    Val . 
I47IDS  on  KOf  tide*  except  rlcht—Ant.  t. 
I,7ln£  on  Tight  tide— Crpt. 

Meutfli,  after^Crut.     See  Female  Sexual  Syi^ttni, 
Motion— Br^r.;   Colch.:    Dig.;    Tab.;   Ther.;    Ver.  ft  ' 
Fhthllll— Kali  br. 

Fregnancr— Alet.;  Amyg.  pers.;  Ant.  t..  Apomorph, 
Ar^.;  BiBtn,;  Cttium;  CocB-ine;  €m€.;  Cod.; 
Cupr-  ac;  Gossyp.;  Ipec;  Iris;  Kreu*.;  Lac  d., 
Liic*.  a^.;  Lob.  inft.;  Mafi,  c;  iV«jr  v.;  Pttrul., 
Phos,:  Puis.;  Sep,;  Strycli,;  5ympliof4  T^h. 
70t|l-opeTatl¥e  (lap&rotonky)  — ^f«rH.:  C&p^i  14 ux  v.; 
Stryck.  '  ,-. 

Pretfure  on  iplne  and  cervical  region— Cim. 

SCftTlet  ferer^AiL:    BeU. 

■«a-ilckneii^.4/ftfmijr^h.;   Ar^.;    Bi>r.L   CeKuin,   eVitx  ; 

Ipec;     Krcos, ;     Nwx  v.;    Petrol.;    Siaph.;^    Ttcb, 
mailing  head— Apomorph.;    firy.;    SUdm.  ^ 

—  A  pu  morph.;    Cerium.  ^M 

origin — Kreui.;    Niix  v.  ^H 

Bldlnc  ^  ^ars— Am.;    CtKi:.;    l\wc.,    Krooa<ii  Niut*4^.^H 
Sanic.  ■■  :'    ^H 

^TE—Acld,  lOur:  Calad.;  Cole:,  tr,;  Carii^.iriiti  Chafii.; 
Ftrr.  m.;  /H#;  Kali  c;  Lye.;  Nat.  p,;  Nat.  ^  , 
Rohia.;    Bui.  nr. 

ll^«#  fMreen,  yellow )  -AiPon.:    A ii i .  t . ;     Bfy^i    <i »t\^ 
mc.    Card,  m.:    Qh^m.\    CheL;     Eup.  arotn.,     ILwp. 


3o6 


REPERTORY 


paff.;    Ipoc;    Ifu:     Kali  d.;     pQj,r     Puis.;    Sang  , 

Std, ;    Tart.  ac. 
Blaek^fTadm.  a,,'   Crot.;    Mnncin.;    Fix  L 
BlOOly— Aeon. ;    Afs.^   Cadmus.;    CafttA.;   Crol.i   Ten. 

m.:     Ftrr.  p.:    Geran.;    Ham,;    Ipee.;    Iris,    Met; 

Sec.      See  Hemetemesis. 
Cofifee  sroundB,   like — Are.:     Crot,;     Lach.;     M#Ff.  (^: 

Pyr, ;   Stc. 
Fecil— Op. 
MuDUi  lUniT— ^th.;     Ant.   t.:     Arg.    n.;    An;.-     Bils 

per,;     CadTD,   s,;    Colch.;    Ipee.;    Iris"      K^iJi  ^J>A  < 

Kali  CTi.;    Merc,  c;    Petrol.;    Pml^,:    Ver.  a.;    Ztnc. 
Vittry— ^r*.,'      Bry,;      Euphorbia;       Euphorb.    cor; 

Kreos.;    Alag.  €.*    OleH^nd, 
Food  undlgCE ted — Ant.  c;    Apoc;    Atrop.;     Bals.  p«  ; 

Bjsrn.;    Ceritifn;    Cinch,;   Colcb,;    Cuph.:    Ffrf,fn.; 

Ferr.  mur. ;    Ferr.  p.;    Ipgc;   PetroL;    Puis.;    Stryeb. 

forr.  cit. 
Mllkt  cO*ffUla— ^iAh/   Ant.  c.;   Calc,  p.;    Moj?.  t.;   Merc., 

Pod.;    Sanic;      I'd/. 
Yeast  like— Nat,  c:    Nat,  s. 
COKC  OMIT  ANTS— With   boweli  obBtruct«cl»   Im^istcdi 
Op.;    Plumb,;    Pyr, 
With  cHlUlnesa— Diilc. 
With  clb^olera  — Camph.     See  Abdomen. 
With  colic,  orampB— Bbm.;     Cupr.    m.;    Op.;    Pis  U 

Sarrac.^     Ver,  a,      See  Abdomen. 
With  CDll&pse,  we&kXLesB— iEtb.:    Ant.t,;   Att.;  Cadm, 

s.;    Lob.  ina.;   Tab.;     Ver,  a.;   Ver.  v. 
DtarrhCft* — Ctjpr,   m,;     Pulex;     Reaorc;      Ver,    o.     See 

Abdomen. 
WlthdrowsineiB— .^rfe.p*  AnLt.;  Mar- c. 
With  h  eadache — A  i*o  m  orp  h  >.     S«e  Hea  d . 
Wl  Ih  h  eart,  Weak— C  a  m  p  h. :    D  ig. 
With  nausea- Ant,  t.;    Jp^c;    Lob.  infl.;    PttT«1.     See 

Nausea. 
With  relief  of  symptoma— Ant.  t. 
With  spaams- Ctr/jr.  wf  ;    Hyos,;    Op. 
With  tongue  clean — Cina;    7 pec. 
With  y ertiso — C  occ. ;    N  u  x  v . 


ABDOMEN 


BtTENlNOhemtin— Abkse.:    Ac^m;    4fcv;    Akti»n,  Ant. 

c;    A  int.    Ar»,  n,:     Aww.,-    Bell,:     Brr  i    L*»fitT>li  "; 

Cdttik.;    Coleh-:    Crot.:    fri§:    Kali  bich,-    Limul  . 

Nat    *  ;    Ot.  ar.;     PAo*;    Pcwi.^    SanK-"    Sise,;    5«l, 

CJECOM,  &ffectl<iiu  of— Afs.;    LdcJb.;    Rhus   v.;     Vtt,  v. 

See  Appendicitis,  typhlitis.  '  '     * 

COLDNE&S  im— v€i*.;  Ambni;  Attr.  tr.;  Cadm,  s.r  C*lc,c.; 

Cai/s.;    Cinch.;    Calch.;    E|ap&;     Ka/f  6r.r    KaII    4^.^ 

Laeh,;    Mfnyamh:    Phel!.;    Phtj*.:    rii&,r   l>f.  4:* 

COLIC  AHD  PAIN— Beinedici  in  geuer^lTi  Atom.;    Alooi 

AJum.;    Arg.  n. ;    Ars.t    Bar.  c:     BfW.;    C*ifj*jf»..*   Vok, 

p.;  C a rbo  v . ;    Ck^ m.;  C h i n .  ars . :   Cic . :    Cina;    CjHek , ; 

Cqcc;  Co0  ;   Collins. ;   Colch,;    Cot.i   Cujir,  ac;   Cupr. 

CO.;     Dig.;     DiQ9c.;    Filix   m.:    Gam!^,;    Gmt. :     ^^n., 

IJUc;     Ids   ten.:     Iris;     JaL;     Lept.;     Limnt.;     Lye, » 

Aid^.  c;    Mag.  p.;    Mentha;    Mtrrc.  ^.:    MoJTC.t    Morp%.; 

Nat.  s,;     iVMir  i'.;     Onistiis;     Op.;     Ox.  ac, ^     ^rfcf.; 

PJol.;    Plumb,  ac;    Pt»mh.  m.;    Pod.;    Polyj^  ;    Piifn.; 

Rftph.:      Rh^nt**:      Rhutf    |.;      Sab.;      Samb.;      S»f»  ; 

5iHMa;    Sep.;    Sil.;:    5tMd!/»./    5^a«n.r    SUph,.    StfyeH.; 

Thuya;      Vcr.  a.;    Vib,  up.;    Zinc,  m, 

CAUSE   Aim   HATUEE— BsiHUt'  OOUc:     Asaf.;     r  iiaw  : 

Cina;    CoL;    lllic;    Kali  br.;    Lye  ,     A/t^£,  p.;    SeHiVa; 

Staph. 

Biliary*  ffall*itone  colic — Bfffb.  v. ;  Cak  r.:  Chi^^im «t h ; 

CiitcU,;    Dif>sc.;    Ipec;    Lye.;    Mentha;    TePi^b.     So*j 

Gal!  Bladder. 

FlaUllttllt     colic — Absinth;       Alot*;       Ar«,      n,: 

B ell ► ;     Caj up, ;     Cd ri?cf    w , ;     Cha m.;    Ci n ft :     i 

Cq«c.;     Di&Mc.t'     Hydr&o.    ac;     ttlic;     Ijiutv^t 

Lye;    Afag.  i>,;    Nux  v.;    Op.;    Plumb,  tti.; 

go M  „    R ap h , ;    Ro bi n . ;    Sa  11  }f . ;    5c n h0  ;   Zi  f*c . 

From  anger —  OicMir.    Col.;    Staph. 

From  ei  rrlas  *  rldine — Ca  rbo  v , ;    C  ti  1 1 , 

From  cold— Aeon. 

.^^om  £Mttrlo  disorder — Car  bo      v.;       Ci^t,^..; 


8lO  REPERTORY 

From  lithotomy,    ovariotomy,    attending  aMomlnil 

section — Bism.;    Hep.;   Staph. 
From uncoverlzig — Nux  v.;    Rheum. 
From  wet  feet — Dolichos;  Dulc. 
From  worms — Cina;    Filix  m.;    Granat.;    Nat.  p. 
Hysterical — Alet.;    Asaf.;   Cajup.;    Ign.;    Val. 
Menstrual — Castor.;    Cham.;    Cocc;    Col.      See  Female 
Sexual  System. 
NEUBALOIC— Enteralgla:      Alumen;       Ant.      t.;      Ars  : 
Atrop.;     Bell.;     Cocc;     Col.;    Cupr.   ars.;     Euphorb.: 
Diosc;    Hydroc.  ac;    Hyos.;    Mag.  p.;    Nux  v.;   Op.: 
Plumb,  ac;    Plumb,  m.;    Santon.      See  Type  of  Pain. 
Renal — Berh.     v.;      Calc.     c;      Diosc;       Eryng.;     Ly(.: 

Occin.;    Sars.;    Tab.;    Tereb.     See  Urinary  System. 
Rheumatic— Phyt.;   Ver.  a. 
Toxic     (lead,     copper) — Alumen;      Alum.;     Bell.;     Ferr.. 

Op.;    Plat? 
LOCATION,    Abdominal    muscles— Aeon.;    Arn.;     fiell : 
Bellis;     Cupr.    m.;     Ham.;     Nat.     nit.;      Rhus  t.: 
Strych. 
Abdominal    ring — Cocc;      Graph.;      Mez.;       Nat.    w.; 

Stront. 
Ascending  colon— Rhus  t. 
Groins — Alum.;    Am.  m.;    Merc,  c;    Pod. 
Hypochondria — Carbo    v.;      Cinch.;      Diosc;      Nux  '^  ; 

Pyrus;    Sep.     See  Tyi)e  of  Pain. 

Hypogastrlum — Aloe;      Bell.;      Bism.;      Cepa;      Diosc. 

Eucal.;      Ham.;      Lye;      Nux    v.;      Pall.;     Paraf  • 

Plat.;    Sab.;   Tromb.;    Ver.  v.      See  Sexual  System. 

Ileo-C8ecal — Coflf.;    Gamb.;    Iris  ten.;    Limul.;    Mag.  c; 

Merc,  c;    Merc.  s.      See  Appendicitis. 
In  small  spots — Col.;    Ox.  ac. 
Tranverse  colon — Bell.;    Merc  c;    Raph. 
Umbilical  (about navel) — Aloe;   Benz.  ac;    Bov.;  Bry.: 
Calc.  p.;    Cham.;  Chel.;   Cina;   Col.;   Diosc;  Dulc: 
Granat.;    Hyper.;    Kali  bich.;    Ipec;    Lept.;    Sm 
m.;   Plat.;    Plumb.;   Raph.;    Rheum;   Senec;  Spii: 
Stann.;     Ver.  a.;    Verbasc. 
TYPE    OF    PAIN— Bruised:     JEth.\     Allium    s.;     .4r«>. 
Apoc;     Am.;     Ars.;     Bellis;    Carbo   v.;     Col.;    0»«.. 
Eucal.;    Ferr.  m.;    Ham.;    Merc  c;    Nat.  s.;    Phyt. 
Colicky,  crampy,  constricting,  cutting,  grliiliig,  pineh- 
Ing — Aeon.;    Agar.;    Ant.  t.;    Arg.  n.;    Arn. ;2Asaf ■ : 
Bell.;    Bism.;   Bty.-,   Calc.  p.;    Cina;    Cinch.;  Cci-: 


ABDOMEN  Six 

Cocc;    Con.;    C«pf,  ao.;   Cupr.  m,, ;    Dioic;    Didc; 

Elat.;    Eup.  perf,r    Filixm^;    Gamb.;    Hyper.;   ign.; 

I  pec*;    Iris;    Jul-;    Kalibich.;    Kalic;    Lept, ;    Lye.; 

Mag.   c;     Mag.   p.;     Merc,   c;     Niccol.;      Nux   v.; 

P)iyt.^    Fiumb.  ac:    Polyg, ;    Raph.;    Rheum;  Sab.; 

Sep.;    Spig.;   Stann.;    Strych.;    SuL;    Tromb.;     Ver. 

&.;    Vib*  op.  I    Zinc^ 
f reiltngr Pluc-llkc — Aloe;    Alum.;    .Anac;    Bell.;  Bry,; 

Oeanoth.;     Cocc;    Hyo».;     Mea,;     Nitx  v.;    Plat*; 

Puis.;    Ran.  s.;    Sab.;    Se^p, 
Pul>Atll^i   l^ubbllllg— ^th.;      Aloe;     Bar.    m.;      Bell.; 

Bt^rb.  1'.;    Calc.  c;    Igii.;    Sang.;    Selen.;    Tarux, 
Radlatlngp    stiootlDfr  darthiei    t«aHxig,    spasmodic— 

Acon.^  BeiL;  J^^'yr/  Chum.;  Cucc.;  Col.;  Cupr. 
ftc;  Cupr.  i^rs.;  Dicsc. ;  Graph^;  Lye;  Maf.  f./ 
Merc;  Morph.;  Nvx  v,;  Paraf. ;  Plat.;  Piumb.; 
Pod.      See  Enteralgia. 

Stitching — Agar.;    Apb;    Am.;    Beli.;    Bty.;    Chin,  ars,; 
Kali  c.;    Spig^ 
C  OH  C  OMIT  ANTS— Abdomen    retracted     tenie,  b  canty 
urlner  deilre  to  strctcb;    plumb. 

Abdom  en  rwoll  en,  pad  -IDs  e  -    BelL ;   R  a  i  >  b . 

Agitation,    chill    a&ccndin£    from   tiypoe^stiliun    to 
cheeki — Col. 

Backaehe— /-.yir.;    Morph.;    Samb, 

Cbeeiki  red,  hot  sweat ^Cham. 

ChlUlneas     Puh. 

Collapse— j^ I h.:   Camph.;     Ver.  a. 

Constljtttion— Allium  s.;     Alum,;  Cocc;  Grat.;   N«%v.,' 
Op  ;     Plumb,  ac;    Sil. 

ComVUl  BlOBB  —  C  Ic . 

Cramp E  In  calves — Cot ;    Cupr.  ac.;    pod. 

Blan-hOBa— Cd.;    Polyg.;    Samb. 

Emptir  feellngt  heat,  fatntmeis  -Hydr. 

Hands  yellow,  blue  nails — Sil. 

Huneer,  yet  refuses  food— Bar.  c* 

ItOlllng  of  nose,  pale,  bluish  face— Cina^    Filix  m. 

Ifaiuoa,  frequent,  watery^  allmy  stooli — Samb. 

Feiiodlcal  recurrence^  C  J wr/r;   DitisL.;   Ubc. 

Pulsations  In  abdominal  aorta,  epleastric  constric- 
tion-Dig. 

B«d  urine— B  ij  ^ . ;    Lye. 

Bumbling  of  flatus,  nausea,  tlquld  f  eoes— Polyg. 

kanfy  stool.  fialUB  without  relief  -Clna, 


8l2  REPERTORY 

Tetiesmuf  (pelvic)  — Staph. 

Tositnc  about^  anzletr*  no  relief  trtizn  flatus— Cb^ni,; 

Mag.  p, 
Urfflnff  to  itool  — .4iof;    Cinch.;    Lept^i    Nat*  a.^    jViff 

IF.;    Op. 
Vomiting     Cadm   s. 

Vomiting,  Mc coughs  t^elcMngp  BcreftsaiiiB—  H>i>^ 
Vawnlng  spannodlc,  drowilnesi-  -  Spiral  nth  . 
MODALITIES— Aggravation:     AbOUl     4-5    P.M.I     CoL 
Kali  \>r..    Lye. 
Al t er  mldnl^li t—Arx.;    Coce. 
At  night,  after  lupper — Grat, 
From  bending  forward  —  A  n  t .  t . ;   Si  n  a  p . 
Trom  bending  forward,  lying  down,  pretsure— Dirisc. 
From  h ending »  cougtilng — Am,:    B el L ;    Bry .;    N at .  nu 
Fnnn  drlnldng—  Sul. 
From  eating— Bar.    c;      Caic.    p.;      Kali    bich,;     Pf^r,, 

Zinc. 

From  jar»  preBSure — Aeon.;    H?U. 

From  motion,  relief  from  Iring  on  stdo  — Cocl 

From  smoMng     Mtinyanth. 
From  fiweelB  — Filix  m. 
From  touch,  pretsure,  motion — Bry. 
From  warmth^  at  night— Cham, 
AMCLIOBATIOK     From  bending  double:    Rov.;   CinfiK 
CM.;     Ma??,  p. 
From  eating— Bo  v.;    Ho  mar. 
From  hot  appll cations — Ars.j    Maj^.  n. 
From  pa^Blng  flatus — Cocc. 

From  pressure  — rW.,      Mng,    p.;     Nit.    ar.;      Plumlj , 
Rhus  I.;    Stann, 

From  rubbings  warmth— Mag.  p. 

From  Bitting  erect — Si  nap. 

From  stool— Tan  ac. 

From  straightening  boily  or  movljtg  about— Dic:Kt, 

From  walking  about  IJic^sc;  Ma^.  p.:  Rhuxt.i  Vtr  a 
FLATULENT  DISTENTION,  fulness*  heavtneis,  meteor* 
ism,  tympanites- .^IfrV.T  »,;  Absinth.;  A>:*t  '" 
Ai^ar.;  Aloe;  Ant.  c;  Apis;  Afg^  n.^  Ars^j  -44a;.;  Bi^ 
c.;  Bell,;  Bo  v.;  Cajup.:  Calc.  c;  C&le.  iod-;  C^k 
p.;  Carb.  bc;  Carba  v,;  Chel.;  Cina;  TinM . 
Coec;  C0kk;  Collins.;  CdI.;  Diaitc.:  Ertg.;  HmWth 
Hyper.;  l^ti^i  IlHe.;  Iris:  Kalic,}  Lacb.;  Li«W 
Lyc;       Mag*     C.;      Mafe>     Pi      Were      e  ;      Mormol 


ABDOMEN  813 

Mosch.:  Nat.  n%t.;  Nat^  *.;  Nux  m,;  Nux  v.; 
Oniscrua;  Op.;  Opuniia;  Phos.  ac;  Pod.;  Poik^; 
Puis;  Raph.;  Rbeum;  Rhod.;  RKhm  gL;  Rhyst.: 
Sais.;  5*wmi;  Sep.;  SiL;  SuL;  Sumb*;  Tara%.; 
Tereb.;  Thnya;  Umn;  Val.n  Xanth. 
Flatulence*  hjiterloal— Ambra;    Amf.;    Cajup.;    Ign.; 

Kux  m.;    Polh.:    Swrnij,;    Taras.;     VaL 
Flatulence,  Incarcerated  id  jteaturea— Am.  c;    Aur.; 
Calc.  c;    Cabins  tf.,-    Cinch.;    Coleb.;    Col.;    Graph.; 
Limul.;    Lye;    Mormcd.;     i\'Hxv.;    Pallad,;    Raph.; 
Rhus  gl.;    Staph.;    SuL 
QUTfUnc,     rumbllliff     ixx,     horhftrygimuM  — A  iog;     Are.; 
BaptnT     Bell.;     Cina;     Cinck.;     Conv.;      QupT,    ars. ; 
Crot*  t^;    Diosc;     Gambr;    Graph ,;    Ipecp;    Jatrppha; 
Lye,;     Nut.  t.;    01^and.;     Pho*.  nvr;    Pod.;    Kumex; 
Sil.;    Thea;    Xerophyl. 
HaTdneii    of — Abrot.;      Bor.    c;     Calc.    c;     Cina,     Op.: 

Plumb,  ac;    Raph.;    Sil.:     Thuya. 
Jumpbig  In,  ai  ol  living  tlllis^ — Arundo;   Branca^   Croe,; 

Nux  m.:    Op  :    SuL,    Thuya. 
Larve.  pot-bellied,  flabby— Am.    m.;     Cak.   c;    Caic.  p.; 
Mqz.:     Pod;    Sank.;    Sep.;     Sil, 

Ectrmoted,    nmken.    loow^ibAped — Cak.  p.;    Euphorb. 

lodof.;     Kali   bich.;      Kali  br.;     Plumb  ac;    Plumb. 

chrom.;     Plumb,  m.;    PttL;    Zinc. 
SentitlTet  tender  to  touch,  pressure — Acet.  ac.;   Aeon.; 

Aloe;      A  pin;      Ars,    u.;      Atk;      Ani.;     Bapt  ;     Efiil.; 

Bov.;      Bry,;     Cakn    c;     Catho   v.;    Card,  m.;    Coff.; 

Con,;     Ferrn    m.;     Gamb.;     Graph.;     Ham^;    HelWb. ; 

Kali  bidh.;    Laih.;     Merc,  c;     Mere;     Ranb.;    Rbois 

I.;     Sep.;    Sumb,;    SuL;     Ver,   a.;    Vib.  op. 
Spots  on.  brown— C a yL;    Lye;    Phos.;    Sep.;   Thuya. 
Spots  on,  red— Hyo£.     Stre  Skin, 

Weak,  emptor,  sinking,  relaxed  leelln^  In— .4^if  .    Als- 
ton;     Ant.     cr.      Cqcc:      Euphorb.;      Hydf;     Ign.; 

Opi4mi4i;   Physost.;    P*o*.;    Plumb,     ac;    Pcd.;  Srp.; 

Stann.;    Sulphun.;    SuL  ac;    Ver^  a. 
Weak,  as  if  diarrhoea  would  ensue— j^iejf.-    Bur.;    Ferr. 

m,;    Formica;    Opuntin;    Ran.  b.      See  Diarrhoea. 
ANVE  AHV  REOTtIM -Abscess  (perl-rectal);    Cak.  is.. 
Burning,  imartlnif,  heat  la — Abiea  c;    ,Eta    Aloe; 

J         Alum,;    Ambra:    Am,  tn.;    An.;   Serb,  v.;    Cantk.; 
Capi.;     Carbo    v.;     Chenop,    gL;     CdHn$.;     Con.i^^l 
lineal,  I      Gamb.;     Graph.;     Ham.;     livit.,     Wsxi^^M 


Sl4  B-EPEilTORY 

JugL   c.;     Kali  c;     Nat.    ni,r     Oleand.^     Paeom*; 

Prtin.  sp.;    Ratank.:    Khetim;    Senna;    5«L;  Tromb, 

Burning   l3efor«    and   during    stool-    Am.    m.;     Con.; 

Hydr,;    Ins;   Jagl,  c;    Ol.  an.;    Rheum. 
Bmmliig  after  itool^AhiTnen;     Am.   m.;     Aur.;    Berb. 
V,;    Canth.;    Caps.-   Carbo  v.;   Chenop.  el-;    Gamh.; 
Nat,  m,;    OL  an,;    Paeonia;    Prun.  sp^.;     Raianh: 
Stront.;    Stii. 
Gongiatloa  i^f^jEtc;     Al&t;    Al-am.i     Collim,;    Hyper,; 

Nat.  m,T    Nit.  bc,;    Sab.;    Sep.;    S«L 
ERUFTlOlfSp  GROWTHS     Cancer,  sclrrhus  of^  also  al^' 
mold riatolerablo  pains — Alumen;    Phyt. i    Spig, 
Condylomata  —  Bena.  ac;    Kali  br,;     Nit,  ac;    Thuya, 
EcECxna — Graph.     See  Skin. 
Eminences,  studding  Interior — Polyg. 
Flsfiiires*  rhagadea*  excoriations,  uleerationsp  ■oreoetii 
rawness — .^sc,;      Aloe;     Apis;      Ars,;      Calc.    fl.t 
Car  bo     v.;      Canst,;      Qondur.;       Graph,*      Ham.; 
Hydr.;     Iris;      Lach.;     Led.;      Mrrr.    d.;     Mot  ph.', 
Niit*  m.;    Nit.  ac;   Nit.  niur.  ac;    Paeania;   Phos. , 
Phyt>;    Ratanh.;    Sapit.;    Sidum;    Sep,;    Sii.;   Sul  ; 
Thuyti;    Vib.  op, 
Ftitulalnano — Aur*  mur.;    Btrh.  v.;  €ah,  p,}  Calc.s,, 
Carbo    v.;     Cauat.;      Fluor,   ar,/     Laeb.;     Nit.   ue 
Nu3t  v.;    Pa00Hia;   Sil.;   SuJ. 
Poekels  In — Polygon. 
Basb,  fiery  red»  inlmbies — Med. 

Hemorrimge    from    {enterrliaclft)— AeaL;     Acet,    at,; 
jfijc;     Aloe;    Alumen;    Alum.;     Ceict.;     Carbu   v  ; 
C^car. ;     Cinnamu;    Cj:>came;    Crat.;     Ham.;    Igo,: 
tpt€ . ;   K bH  c* ;    Lach^ ;    Ly to p . ;    Merc .  cy . :    Af  ill^l : 
Mftt.ac-   Nat.  m.;    Nit.ac;    Fko9.;   Sedum;  Sep; 
SuL;     Tercb.;    Tliuya. 
HeniorrliageduitiigstOOl — Alumeo-   Aluin,;  Ij^n, ;  lod 
I  pec;    Kalic;     Pkos.;    Piior.;    Sep, 
PROCTITIS— Inflammation  of:   M^c    Aloe;  Alum.;  Am 
c;    Cukh.;     Collins.;     Merc;      NU,   ac;    PaeQivin; 
Phon,;    Pod.;    Rtcln.;    Sabal;    ZiAg, 
FBUBrrtTB    AKI— Itching    In:     j^sc./     Alum.;     Ambm, 
Ant.  c,;    Bar.  c,r   Bov,;    Cadm.  idd,;   Cal*,  e,:  Cajftcar  : 
Cau^t.;    Cina;    C&U»nR\:    Cop,;    Fcrr.  itfd.;    Perr.  tn.; 
Grmuat.;    Horn..   Jgn.;  ln^XftQ.  1-^*;/,  M*d..   Mit.  ac  , 
Pa-onia;       PetroV.      Pir^-    ^l^^-^     ^^^^^^     ^^va.t.V  , 


ABDOMEN  815 

HoUture   rrom— Anac;     Ant.  €.;     Bar.   c.r     Cak.   c; 
Caufit,:     Hep.:     Med.:      Nit.    tmir    ac;      Ralatih.; 

PAIN  IN — AcllUli;:   Mac;    AM.;    Alumeti;   CoUins.;  Lye; 

Raitxnh.  1 

B G&rliig  down,  pr esslng  —  .4 iap;    An* . ;    Ca ct , ;   Ce^ ri ti t h ,  ; 

Chcnop.    u^.;     Euphraa.;     Hy|jfer.;     Lach.;     Lii.  ti: 

Med.;      Oik;      I'run.    ep. :     5*p.:     Sul,;     Sul,    ac.  J 

Xpfopliyl 

a<rJ/.;     Tawj^.r     Ferr.    m.;     Grat,;     Hyth\:     Jgn,; 

Lack.;    Lye;    Af#(i.;     Meli.;    Me^-;   iVff*.    m.;     A'li, 

ac*;    Nit-  rnur-  ac;    Nux  v.;    Piumb.  ac;    RatuHh.; 

Baltic.;   Sedum;   Syph^i  Tab. 
Lancinatlnc^  e7@ii  after  soft  itOOl — Alumcn;    NaU  in.; 

Nit.  Rt\\     Ratanh.  '  ■' 

Loiig  Uitlfig,  bit er  stool  —  Jimc .;   Al oe ;   A m ,  m , ;  G  ra ji I1 ; 

fly  dr.;    Ign.:    Mferc,  cy.^     Mur,  ac;     A^tir   w.;     Xtt. 

(jt,;    Paconia;    AfaJciH/i.;    Sep,j    Sit.;    SiiL;    Thuya; 

Vib.  oi>. 
NeunlKlc   ^proctalffl*)— /lir^i^.;     Br/^.     Culcb.;     Cfol. 

I,;   lgn.\    Kalic,:    Lach.;    Phoii.^    Pluml). ;   Stryck.; 

Tar.  h. 
Splint «r^llke,  ptioktusf  stbiglngi  stitching,  cuttlnr 

,'fj.^t-.;    Bell.-    Cepa;    CoUim.;    Irh.;    Kalik.;    Ltich,^ 

Mez.;     Nat.    m.i      A'tf.    ac.,-      Hatanh.;     Sep.;     SiL ; 

5h;,;    Thuya. 
Ttirobblng,  pul  sating—  Al  oe ;  BeH  ,-  H  a  m . ;  L  ac  h ; .    Mcli. 
Patulous  anuE-- .4 ^f^,     Phos.:    Stc;    Solan,  t, 
ParetLo  condition  ol  rectum    and    ipliiiicters— .^/cif; 

Alufn*;     CauH.;     Erig.;      Geh.;     Qxy  trap.;     Phoi,; 

SiL;    Sulphofi.;    Tab, 
Paretlo    condition  of   re c turn,    feels    plugged-  Mm; 

Anac;    Can,in4.:    Kalibich.;    Mei].;    Sep.;    SuJ.ai?, 

Pare  tic  condition  of  re  e  tuna,  witii  i^ise  of  Uii«curttr 

of  sphln C  ters  —  .'I  I uf  ;  Alum.;    li  rx^ . ;    F t  r r.  m . ;    A' f )  v 
V,:    Sunic:    Sec. 
PEOLAPSUSAKI— >€jrf.  i;/.;    ^Isc.-    Aloe;    Ant.  c;    AraU. 
-4rw.;     Bell,;     Cokh.;     Ferr.   m,;     Ferr.   p,;    Oamb. , 
Hydr*;    ignr,     Kali  c;     Mur.  a^.;     Nit.  ac;    Nux  v,; 
Fko9.:     Plumb.;      Pod.;     Ruiu;     Sep.;    Solan,    tub,; 
SvL;    Tab. 
rroiAprug  miter  ponfin ement»  tt0op\xic— ^^^^^tl 
Prolapgus  from  £ne«£liig—  Pod. 


8t6  REPERTORY 

FroUpKUi  Irom  urlimtli^—  Mar.  ac. 

ProUpBUS  iD  ChUdren-  Bell  ;     /Vrr    /».;     Nvi\   V  ,     Ff^. 

Froiapsu^  with  piles*  In  alcoboUes,  Ua41li^  s«deittftiT 

life  — yEs^t.  >^1. 
P roUpiui  wi th  dlarrti(«A«  i tool — ,^ c. :    .4 iiM ;    Cokfi . ; 

Gtim^  ,     Kali  c;     Pt'J./    Phos.;     /?iila,-    SuL 
Prolapsus  with  stool,  rectal  ■p&ini'— Ign. 
Bedness    around-  Ch^m.:      Merc,    cy.;      Paeunia;    5ni„ 

Zm«.      See  Fisisurcs,  Proctitis, 
Strlotute     Qt—RelL:      Coff,:      Hydp.;      l^it  i      NH.    ae,; 

Pbos  .    5i7  ,    Ta>>.      Sc?e  Pain, 
Tonip  bleedings  &f^«T   stool— L»c   d.;    A^a^    rn,;    Nil.ac. 

See  Fissured. 
GATABBH — Qastro -duodenal;      Civch.;      Hydr.;      Sanji 

See  Stomach. 
CHOLEBA      ABIATIOA— .4fiJM.,        Agar,       phaK;        .4r*. 

Campk.;   Canth.;    Ctjr&o  r.,-   Cic;    Colch.:    Cnpr^  ac. 

Cupr.   g,rs.;     C»/>r.   m.;     Ouaco;     Hydride,   ac;     I  pec,; 

Jatrophai    Kalibieli.;    Na.ja:    Phns.  ac, ;  Phr>s,   Qun^ss-i 

RhiiiS  t,;    Sec:    Tab.;     Tereb,;      Vcr.  a.;    Zinc.  m. 
CHOLEEA    INFANTUM     Summer    Complaint:    Aeon.: 

^H.:   Atit.  t.;    /lr#,;    Bell,;    Bhm.;    Bry..    Cadm.  s,: 

Cttlc.  ac;    €alc.  p,;    Camph.  mcinobr, ;    Canth.;   Crot, 

Cupkea;      Cupf.    <ir*.;      Cupr.     m.\      E^phorh.    cw.; 

Graph.;    Hydroc  ac:    lodof,;    ipec,;    Iris;     A'Qli&r. 

Kreos. ;     Laur.^     Merc;     Nat,    m,;     Ox.    ac;     Phoa  ; 

Phyt.;      Podr^     Rcsorc;      Sec;      Sep,;      5tf.;     Tab; 
F*r.  a.;    Zinc.  m. 
CHOLEEA  MO&BUB  -Ant.   i.i     Awm.;     Chloral;     C(>!ch  : 

Cupr.  ars .;    Cupr,  m.;    HydTOc,  ac;    Irisi    Op.;    /'flrf  . 

Sec;     Ver,  a, 
CB.OhZ%WB — Ant,    c;      Cr&t.    t.;      Cupr.     ars.:      Dinsc  . 

HI  at.;     Euphur.   crur.;      Crfir,      Ipse;     Iriai     J  atrophia. 

XupHar;     Phos.ac.;      Icr.  ci. 
CONSTIPATION— Kemedloi  In  ireneral  j    ^  (i«#  n , ;  A<>on  ; 

.Ese   is^l-;    vEjjt.,'    Agar.;    Aloe;    Ainm^n;    Alnm.;   Am 

in.;    Anac;    Am.;    Asaf.;     8erb.  v.;     Bty.;    Cak-   c 

Tale,    fl.;      C^rb.    ac.  ;      Case,    sag.;      Caust.;      Cllet. 

Chionanth;     Cinch.;     CetUint.;     D^ikhvg;     Euonym  . 

V^l    tauri;    Ferr-  m,;    Gels,;    Grupk.;    Gwai^    Quftjac, 

Hyrfr^p-    Ibti..     /fw;     Kaji  bicb,;      KaH  c;     KiiU  tn.; 

Lac   d.;     Lye.;     Mag.    m.;     Me*.;     Morpb.;     Natulu*, 
Nat.    ift.;     Nit.   ac;     Nit.   mur.   ac. ;      jVm«   «>.;     0^. 

Faraf,;    Phoa.;   Ph-y&oBt.,    Phyt.;    PJaf.;    Piiiwft,  a* ; 


ABDOMEX  Si 7 

Plumb     rn;     Pod.;      Pxor,;     Pyr.;     Rat  an  h;     Sanic; 
Senn^;     Sep,;     Sii,;     SpiR,;     Staph.;     Slrych.;     Sut,; 
Symphitf.:    Syph.;    Tan.  ar.:    Tub.;      Vrr.  a.;    Zine 
m.;    Zinc,  mur^ 
CAUSE  AND  TYPE— 'After   oonflnnneQti   hepatic   and 
uterine  InertU  -  Mt?. 
AltematUig  wlthdUrrhaea— Abrot.;    Am.™.;    Anl.c: 
C&Ick   chior, ;     Car^l.    iti.:     Cascar,;     CheL:     Coilina,: 
Ferr.    ty.;      Hydr.;     lod, ;       Nj*x    v.;      Pod.j     Sk^; 
Ver.  a. 
From  abuf e  of  pureativet — Aloe:    Hydr.:     Nax  v. 
Froiti  K^strlc  der&ngeinentl — Bry.:     Hydn;     -Ntm  v.i 

Puis. 
From  ffolns  to  i  ea  tra v  ellng — B  ry . ;    PJo/ . 
From  eouty  acidity-  G rat. 
From  henaorrliolda— -fee.  gl.;    .€fc.;    CvHin».;    Hydr,; 

Sat.  m,     \'iix  v.;    Pnd.;    Sui      Sec  Piles. 
From  m«chAiiical  injurlei— Am .  r    R  u  ta . 
From  torpoft   inertia,  dryneit  of  Inteitinet— ^th.; 

Alumen;     Alum.;     Bry,-    Caffeine;    Collins.:    Hydr.; 

Lye:    Mtli^;    Mcj..;     Nai^  m.;    Nux  v.;    Op.;    Pyr, ; 

rhysn!;t.;     Plumb,  ar./    Sanic;    SuL:    Vcr.  a. 
From  torpor    of    T^etam—Ainm.:    Anac.;      Nai.    m.; 

Selfiit.-    Sip.:    SiL;     Ver.  cJ. 
Enf anttt  ohlldr«n —  jCs  c . :   Al  u  m . ;    A  p  rs ;    Bry  :  Collina ,  ; 

Hydr.;    Lye;     Map.  m.;     Nux  v.i    Ny<tt.  »rb.  tr, ; 

Paraf.;     Pod.;     Fjcpf.;     Sante.;     Sep.;     Sil,,'     Sul.; 

V'#r.  a. 
in   Old  people— A 1  vim.:     Ant.   c:     Hydr;    Lye,;     Op.; 

Phyt  :    SuL 
In  women— j€sc.:    Atum.:    Anac;    Am.;    Ataf.;   Bry.; 

Caic.   c;     CoIHhs.:    Con.;     Graph,;     Hydr;     Lye; 

Mez.;     JVa(.    w./     Nux   v.;     Op.:     Pint.:     Plamb.; 

Pad.;    Pub.;    Sep,:    Sil.;    Suh 
TYPE  OF  STOOL —Drr,  crumltUn^atTersa  of  anui;   Am. 
m;     Mag.  m;    Nai.  m.'    Sanic;    Zinc. 

Utr,  difflculi,  leant?,  knotty »  ball  or  dung -like— i£gc. 

gl.;  jE»c  ;  Aiumffn:  Alum,;  Aster;  Card,  m,; 
Caufit.;  Chd,;  Cnllins.:  Graph,;  Lye;  Mag.  m.; 
Morph.t  Nit.  ftc;  Nux  v.;  Op.:  PUl.;  Plvmb.: 
Pyr. ;  Sep.;  Sul.;  Vera.:  XerophyL;  Zinc. 
Diy*  Urgtt  painful— ^*t.;  Atym,;  Bry.;  Calc.  c.\ 
Gmpk.;  Kalic;  Lacd.:  Melt..  Nat.  m.:  Nux  v.; 
Op,;    Sanic;  Selen.:    Sep;    SuL;   V*f.  o>;   \'^.^\, 


Bt8  REPERTORY 

Dry,  muit  W  me«3aAmeall7  removed -Alo^;    Calc.  c 

Op.;    Sa n ic . ;    Sgle tt , ;     Sei>. ;    Sit . 
Dry,  with  freQU^nt  ut^lms^An&c.;     Astor^,     Omtt; 

Ferr.    ra.;     Gran  at.;      Jr»-;     lod,;      Lac   d,;     lyr., 

Nit,    mur-   ac;      iVwjt   m.^*     Paraf.;      f/a|.;     Ptios,. 

Kuta:    Spig.:    Scim    5ifi. 
Dryp  with  partUi  eximlsicitl  aiad  receding  -  O^. .   Sunic 

Hardi  then  pasty,  liquid— Caic,  c. 

H&rd   covered   with   muiJUl — Cascarj      Camt,:     Cop.. 

Graph,:    Hydr. :    l^cp^  , 

Llebt  colOI-dd.  f  r»ylih«  elimlky-^Aci>n.;  Altunen;  Cttk, 
t.;  Ckel.i  Chionantb.;  Cinch  ;  Collins.:  We. 
Dolichos;  Hwp,:  Hydn;  Iberia;  Kali  m.l  JW#f£. 
ii  ;    Merc;     Pcd  ;    Stellar.  - 

F&sty.  tenacious,  adherins  to  anui^Cheh;    PltH,       fl 
Slender,  quill  like  — A riu;    Caust.:    Phox.-    St^ipb  ■ 

CONCOMITANTg— Backaelie:     Euenym.t      Fsrr.;     K^li 
bicli.      See  BiLck^ 
Bleedln^^Anac:  CalCr  p.;    Cttllin§^i   L^rtnium;  Horpli  , 

A'lV.  nr,;     Amx  f,/    Psor.;    Vib,  up, 
CoUCt  oramin— Cupn ;    Gloti,;    Op.:    Plumb,  ac^ 
Contraction    Ep&iznodlc    ol    aaut — Lye.;      iV<ij.     «ti  . 

I^lismb-  ac.      Sec  Rectum. 
Fetor  oris — Carh,  a€.;    Op.;    Psor. 

Gall -Stones,  Jaundice— ChiDnanth.  5t?e  Gall  Bladder. 
Headache-  Gel6.^  Hydr.;  Irisj  Vena*  See  Headache. 
Heart  weak— Phyt,;   Spig. 

Pllei — Alumen;  Calc.  fi.;  C&lHn*.;  Ei£p|ty«.;  Glon. . 
Kalis.;  Nux  v.:  Paraf.;  Raiaith.;  Sil.;  WyeUi 
Sec  HemorrJioids*  ,i 

FroUpiU«— v€sc.;  Alum,;  Ign.;  Mtd.;  Pod.  See  Rectum, 
Prottate  enlarged— Arn,;  SiL  Sec  Male  Sexua.1  Systein, 
Bectal  pain,  peril Eterat — AJumeu;    Hydn;    tgn.;    Nar 

m.;     Xii.  &{:.;   Tbuy*,     tsee  ftectum. 
Urging  fell  In  lower  abdomen  — Aloe.     S^e   Frcquenl 

Ua'iaa- 
Urging  felt  In  upper  aMomen— Ittn.  ■    Vt-n  a, 
DIAFH&AGM  —  Diaphracmitit:        Inflammation     oi: 
Atrop,;     BelL;     Bistn,  ^     Bry,;    Carl,;     Cupr*;    Ucjfc 
Hy OS* I    Ign.;    A*«3f  v,;    Stram. ;    Vcr.  v. 
Pain  Ja— Asaf,',     Biam/,    Bry.;    e^c\.\   Ciiw.,;    Mxix - 
Sec:    5iaH«*;    Sticta;   StT:?c\i,;  Ntt.ji. 
iUjcuinatifiiii  ol— Bry.;    C^cv.;  Ciw,; 


ABDOMEN 

D  lARBH  C£A--£NT£RZTIB  i    Acut  e : 

AcQH^;     4^t\\.^,      Alos;     Alston.; 
Ant,    t*;     Apis;     Apoc,;     Arg,    n 
Agaf.,*    Bapi.:   Bell.;    Benz.  ac; 


819 

Acial, ;  Atiet.  ^q, 
Ambros.;  Ant.  c,; 
;  j4r*.;  Artii  lod.; 
Bism.;  Bov,;  Bry,; 
Calc.  p.;  Cfipiupb. : 
C^nih,;  Caps.;  Carb.  ac;  Carbov.;  Cha-m.;  Ck^L; 
Cin«:  Cinck,;  Colch.;  Collins.;  Com.  c;  Grcl.  t,; 
Cuphea;  Cupr.  an.^  Dulc;  Echin,;  Etat.;  Epilap.; 
Perr.  m.;  Ferr.  p.;  Fluor,  ac;  Formica;  €amb.; 
Gvls^;  Grat,;  Helleb.;  Hyos.;  lod.;  I  pec;  Iris; 
Jal,;  Jaifopka;  Kali  bich,;  Kali  p,;  Lept, ;  Lyssin; 
Mag.  c;  Merc,  c;  Merc.  d.\  Mere,  i:;  Morph.^  Mur. 
ac*;  Nat*  a*;  Nit.  ac;  Nt4phar;  Nxm.  v.;  Oleand.; 
Op , ;  Op  untia :  Oreo  daph . ;  P  ee  0  n  i  a ;  Peiriti . ;  Ph  os . 
oc;  Pkoi.;  Physotit. ;  Pod.;  Pdiye*',  Prun+  sp.; 
Psor*j  PnU*;  Rheum;  Rhus  i,;  Rhus  v.r  R'timex; 
SiL;  Sut.;  Sul.  ac;  Tab.;  Terfcb, ; 
;     Wr.  fl,;    Zinc.  ir    t>   ;  ? 

c;      Afg.    n.;     Arn.;     ^rff.»'     Afa,    idid,: 
Calc    p.;    Cetraria;    Chuparro;    C4nck.t' 


S^c;      S0p,; 
Thuya;    VaL 
Chronic — Ant. 
Cah.    p.; 


Coto;  Cupr*  ars,;  Elaps;  Fetr.  m.;  Qet^mhr,  Graph.; 
Hep,;  lod.;  lodof.;  Kali  hick,:  L&th.;  Liatfis- 
Lye;  Mere;  Nat  s.;  Nit.  ac;  Oleand.;  PJidj. 
at.;  Pft^^,;  Pod,;  Psor.i  Puis.;  Rh«sar.;  Rhus 
t.;  Rumex;  Stryth,  ar*.;  Sul.;  Th^yar  Tub.  ' 
CATTSB  AHD  OGCnRBENCE— Fxom  i.ol4r:  AnL  c.r  ^hon. 
ac,;    SuL 

From  acut  i  dl«  e«,S  e  b — C  arbo    v . ;      Cittch .;     Fr  o  r.     See 
Typlioid  Fever. 

From  Alcoholic  abuie — Ars.;    Nux  v. 

FroHL  anger— Chara. 

From  batktngr—  Ant.  €,;    Pod. 

From  becTp  ile— Aloe;  Cinch.:   Kaii  bifh.;  Miir  aci  ShL 

From  campings /I /s/£fM.;   Ju^fl.  c;    Pod. 

From  chwag«  ol  wc&theri  draftB^A^TAWr    Bn-.;    Calc. 

s.,     Caps.;    Colch.;     Dntc;    Ipec;     Msto.?     NqJ,^.; 

Rhus  t. 
From    cbllllng,    cold   drlnki.    Ices — Aeon.:     Agraph,; 

Ars.;     Bell,;      Bry.;     Camph.;     Carbo    v.;     Caitst.; 

Cham.;    Grat.;    Nux  m.*    Pul^.;    Stapb, 
Frcmi  coflee^CiBtus;    Cycl.;   Ox,  ac 
From  ooryMA  boa siJig —Sang. 
FTQin  emotional  ercltemest,  frlfftit— Acoti.;     >^ti&.  tv. 

y/s.,-    Hyos.;     t^n.i     Kali  p, ;     Op;    VWzift,  &c. 


Bia 


REPERTORY 


Frcnn  erui^Ucmi  repelled— Ant.  t.;    Br>.;    Duk.^  Sttl, 

FronL  tats— Cy£L;    Kali  m.:    Ptda. 

Ftitta  fruiti^j^rf.;     Bry.;     Calc.    p,;     CiWib.;    Cisiu»i 

Col.;     Pad.;    Puis.:    Ver.  a. 
FTom  fftitrle    deruigemeiiiE— .4*1^    c:      Bry  ;     CaL; 

li>fc. ;     Xiix  v.;    Pills. 
From  high  gJun«—Crot,;    Pyr, 
From liot  weaUier— Aloe;   Ant,£.;   Bry.:  Cap*.;  Cham. 

Ci nch . ;    Cuphita;  G a m b. ;    Ipftc;   1  ris ;    M e re^ ;  Pei-i 

SiL;    Ver.  a. 
From  hyjjeracidtty— Cham-;    Rheum. 
From  Intettln&l  &toii7,  delilUtr — Arg,     n.;      Caps: 

Cinch.;:     Ferr.^    Oenanthe;    Oreodaph.;    Stc. 
From  Jaiindlct — Ckionantk.:    Dig.:    Ntix  v. 
From  m^%%  putr«ic«al— Are. 
From  milk— j^th.:   Calc.c.;  Ciiich,:    Ma^.  e.;   Mag.  m.r 

Nat.  c.i    Nkcol.;    5*?^.;    SviL 
From  motion— Apis;     Bfy.;    Cinch,:    Colch,;     Nat,  5. 
From  neplirltll— Tereb. 
From  nozloui  efnuvla  -—  B  a  pt , ;    C  ro  t , 
From  omoni — Thuya. 
From  07* ten  —  Bra m . ;    Lye;    SuJ ,  ac . 
From  p«ra.piii.tlon  oheck  ed^  At  on.:    Ferr .  p . 
From  pork  — Aeon.  lye. 

From  iweeti — -4rg.  w  ,■    Calc.  s.;    Gamh.;    Merc.  v. 
From  typhoid  fever— ^ri.;     Bapt.i     Ecbin.;      EpiHi 

Eucal,-    Hyos. ;     Lach.;    JVfwr.  ac,      Nupbari    Op  . 

Rhus  i.;    Stram.      See  Typhoid  Fe\*er, 
From  tUbvrcUlOili — Am.;      Ars.;      Art.    iW,;      Bapi  : 

Bism. ;     Cinch.;    Catoj     Cupr.  &TS.;     Elap&:     loAiif  . 

Fh&A.:    Rumex.      See  TuberculofiiB- 
Ftom  Tao clna tlom —SiL;  Thuya, 
From  V  egetaW  e  i,  m«l<mi — ^  r*.  ,■    Bry.;    P  terol . 
From  veal  -Kali  n. 

From  water  polluted— >l/t J dft,,'    Camph.;    Zinff. 
In  infants,   dilldresn — Ai^on.;    ^th.;     Apm;     Arg.  ■<  1 

Ars.;     Arundn;     BpiL;     Benz.  ac;     B^r.;     Catc.  i, 

Calc.   p,;     Camph,;      Ckam^;     Cinch.;     Citia;    Col. 

Colost,:     CTot.   t.j     Dulc:     Ferr.;     HgUth.j    Ipa. 

J  ah;     Kali   br.;      Kf»m,;     Laur.;     Lye.;     A/flf   fr 

MMfC.  c;    Meted.;     Merc.j    Nux  v*;    P&ulL;    Pho^ 

ac;      Pbos.;      Pod.:      Psor,;      /^ft^ifvn,-^     S*p>;    Sil^ 

S»L:    Val, 
Infftntl    (dentUiMl^- Acim.;      Mt\i.\      Afutido;     M. 


ABDOKfEN 


S21 


Pod.;    Rheum;    Sit 
.]      Carbo    v.;      Ciftch.; 

Bqv.; 


Afx.;      Bapi.: 

Cokh.;   CoL ; 

■     Kali    bidh,: 


Bor, :     Calc.  c;    Calc,    p.; 

Ipec:    Mag,  €,;    Mere-  v,; 
In    Old    people— -.4  rt^    c;      Bo 

Gamb.:    Op.:    Sut. 
Ill  womeii,  before  and  diiTlns  menvei — Am,  c 

Ver^  a.      fiee  Female  Sexual  Systein. 
In  womaij  lylnc -In  period — Cham.;   Hyos.;   Ps or . ;  Sec . ; 
Stram, 
TYPE  AND  COLOK— Actld,  excoristtlJis*  butnlnift    Am,'. 
Cham.;   Cuphea;    Graph.;    Kreos^;    Mefc.c;    Meted.] 
Merc.  V,:    Sul.;    Tereb. 
BUiOUi— Ant.  t, ;    Cham.;    Corn,  c;   Fluor,  bc.;    Gamb,; 
Ipec;    JrfV;    Lept.;   Lye;    Mtrv.  d.:   Nat,  a.;    Pod.; 
Puis.;:    Sang.;    Yucca. 
•      Bl&ok — ArM.;      Broin.;      Camph.;      Caps.;      Carb.     or.; 
Crot.:    Echin.:    Lept,;    Morph, ;    Op.;    Psot\;   Pyr, ; 
Scilla;    Stram.;    SuK  ac* 
[^  BlOOdj — Mth.\     Aloe;     Arg.    n.;     Am.: 
I  Cadm.  s.:    Canth.;    Caps.;    Carb.  ac; 

Cupr^   ars,;     Dulc;     Fcrr.    p,;     Ip^c, 
^^  Kreos.;    Lacb.;    Mem.  c.;   Merc,  d.;    Mer^.t*.;    N«% 

^^U        v.;      Phos.;      Pod.j      Sec;     Setuc;      SuL;      Tereb,; 
^r        Tromb.;    VaL 

Blood   <tr«*Jted   ilfme— Agar.;     A  he;     BeU.;     Canth.; 

Caps.;    Col  ;    Cupr,  ars.;    Euphorbiia;    Ipfc;    LiL  t,; 

Kreo5.;  MajBf.  c:  Merc,  c;  Merc,  d,;  Mwtc,  v  ;  Niix  VhJ 

F»or.;  Pod.;  Rhus  t,;  SuK;  Trill.      See  Dysentery. 

^^arown*  di.rlc— Apis;    Arn.;    Afi.;    Asaf.;    Bapf.;    Bry,; 

^^m        Cinch.;     Col,;     Corn,    c;     Cupr,    ac;     Ferr.    Tilur. : 

^H        Graph.;     Kali    bich.;     Kreos,;     Lg/ft.;     Mur,    «c.; 

^H         Psar,;     Pyr.;      Raph.;      Rheum;    Rtimex;     Stilfa; 

CtiauffeftMe — Am.    m.;     Cham.;     Euonym.;     Merc.    \M 

Pod  :    Pvh.;    Sanic;    Sil..    SuL 
Pl&y  colored,   eh»lk  ItkCf  ll^ht  color ed — Aloe;     Bfll,; 
Benz.  ac;    Berb    w;    Calc.  €.;    Chel.;    DiR.;     Euph- 
^H         orbia;    Gels.;    Hep.;    Kali   c;     Merc^   d,;    Merc    v 
■I        Myr,;    Phos.;    Pod. 

^VtoQee  £round*llke,  meAly — Crot.;    Dig.;    Lack.;    Pod.; 
Tart  at. 
_Colliqii»tlTe    (debility  tine) — An  go  ph.;     An.;     Cinch,; 
Colo;    Cupr.  ars.;    Dioac.;    Elaps;    Kali  p.;    Phell.; 
_  Phox.;  Set:;   Sep.;    Tab.;   Tart,  ae.;    Upte;     Vtr,  a, 

W%%ty,  ollF-Iod. 


I 


S32 


REPERTORY 


F^nnented,  fifl-tulent,  noisy,  spluttartag  «Epuiil(m— 

Acal.;    A^^r.;    Alot;    Apoc:    Arg.  ».;    Am.;    Bens. 

aCnS     Bor,;     Calc,    p.;    Cinch.;    CoU;  Corn*  c, ;  Cmt. 

T;     ElaL;     Gamb.,'     Grat,;    Gumma;     fpec;    Jairo- 

pka:    Kalibicli.i    Mag.c:    MaL  tulphar^M;     t^at.v; 

Op-     Phos,^      Phos,    ac.:     Pod.:    Pul&.;     Rhus   t,: 

Sec,    Stkta:    Sul>;    Thuya;    Trioat,;    Ver.  a. 
Freiiuent — Acet.  ac;    Aeon.;     ^r*.;    Capg, ;    Carbo  v.. 

Ckiim.;    Cinch.;   Cuphea;    Cttpr.  ar$,;    Elat,;   Ipec: 

Afetc.  c;    Merc,  v.;    Nux  v^;     Pod.;    Rheum;    Rhus 

I. :   Turt-b.  •     V^r,  a. 
QeUtlnoufl,  jelly'lUce— /4Jo?;    Cadtn.  s,:     Cotck^i    Cd.; 

EypharLia;     HeUeb .;     Kali  b ich . ;    O x.ytT- i     P h os . ; 

Rhus  t. 
GurgUugt    gu^hin^— Apia;      Crm.    t.;      Eiai.;      Gamhk 

( » ra t .  -      Lj  li  m  m a ;      Jai f  &pka ;      Merc,     s , ;      Pet rul . , 

Phus.,    Pod.;    Sang,;    Sec;    Thuya;    Ver,  a* 
Qreefn — Aeon.;     ^th.;     Apis:     /Jfg.    n*;     Ars,;     BelL; 

Bry,;      Bor. ;      Calc.    p.'      Cham.;     CoL;      Crol.    t. ; 

Duk.;      Eltu.;      GtU.;      Grat.:      Gain  ma:      Hep.; 

liidatr,     lp€c.;     Im;     Lawr.;     Ajfaf.    c;     Merc,   c; 

McTtJ.  d.:     M0fc.  v.;    A/ifz.;     PauiL;     Phos.:     Pdd.: 

Puia,;    SaL  ac;    Sec;    Sn\.\    Val. 
Hot — Calc.  p.;    Chattt,;    Diosc;    Perr*;.  Mtirc.  c;    Mere 

au\.:    Pod,;   5wi 
iJivoluutary-  .4W;    /l^f*;    Apoo.;    Am,;    Ara,;    Ba^.. 

Camiih.;     Carbo   v.i     Geh,;     Helleb.t     My&M.;     Op; 

P^oi.  ^if.,     /'/i^i^.;    Pyr,:     Rhus  t.;    S*c.;    Strych  ; 

InvDluiili»fyi  A«  If  &nus  were  wide  opttzi^j4/>f>,  p|l(?^; 

Sec;    Trumb. 
Involuntary,  wbedi  p&sslxig  flatus—  Atoe:    lod,;    Mur. 

ac;    Nat.  ra. ;     Wat.  a.:    Oleand.;    Pho0.  ac:    Pod  ; 

Pyr, 
InYoluntaTy,  when  p&KiiJiff  urlni^^/p^v  Alum.;  Apir. 

Cic;    A/wr.  ut.;    Scillii;    Ver.  a, 
LumpF»  liard-^Aloe;     Ant.   c,;     BelLr     J5frjr*;     Cham  ; 

Citia;   Cohi.;    Cub.;   Glon,;    Graph.;   Mag.c;  Phis; 

Senec. ;    Tromb.  >    . 

MucOtti,  slimy— .4J£^;   Am.  m.;    ^n*  f,;  Apis;    4ff .  w  , 

Am.;    Ats.;     Bell.:   ^ot.;   Cak.  p,;    C^mh.;   Cmps  ; 
Ca,rbo    v.;      Cliam.,*     C%na'.    CQtt.%     Ctj^tK.-.    Cul . 

I.aur;;     Mag.c.^    M.r.-..;   ^^t^   ^-^   >^--  ^^^ 


ABDOMEN 


S23 


AC.:      A'wjc    f;     Phos.;     Prun.    sp,i     Ricin.:     Ptils.; 

Rheirm.    Rhus  t^;    SuL      Sec  Dysentery. 
Non  deblUUIlnf:— Phos.  0.C. 
OffeELitve,  cadaveroui— Ant,  c;    Arg.  n.;    Am.;     Ars,{ 

Aittif.;     Biif't.;     Ben?^.   ac*;     B ry . ;      Bor.*    Calc .   c . ; 

Calc^p,;    Carh- ac;    CaritP  v.;    Chain.;    Cinch,;   Col.; 

Corn,  c;     Graph.;    Hep.;     Kali  p.:    Krerts.;    Lp.ch.; 

Lffpt.;    Merc,  c^t    Merc,  v.;    Nit,  ac;    Op.;    PetroL; 

Phoe.    ac;      Pod.:      Psvr,;     l^ulex;     Pyr.;     Rheum; 

Rhus  t.;    Sunic. ;    Scillfi^    Sec;    Sil.>    Strain^;    SitL; 

Tereb. 
FalnlQBi — Aiston.;    Apis;    Bapt.;    Bistii.i    Bor, ;    Chtir)- 

arro;      Citiehy;     Colch-^      Ferr.    ?»,;      Geh.;     Gral,; 

Hfcp.;      HytKS.;     Ipec;      Ph&s.    ae.;      Phtts^:      Pod.; 

Pah.;    Rhust.;    Ricin.;    Scilla;    SuL 
Pa.peSqQllt — Bor.r    CbeL;    Cintrh.;    CoL;    Gamb. ;    Li^pL; 

Mbtc;    Nit^  ac;  Pffionia;  Pod.;  Rheum;    S*tLr   Val. 
Frofu«« — Ant,  c;     ^sal.;     ^jkz.  oc.r    Bism.;    Calc.  p.; 

Coto;      Cr<J/K    (,,■      Etat,;      Enonytn.;      Ettphor.    c; 

Gamb.;    Jatropka;   Lept. ;    Merc:    Nat-Tiit,;    PatilL; 

Pkos.;      Pod.;      Rhus    t.;      Sec;     Sticta;      Tcrcb,; 

Thnya;    %*er.  0. 
rurulenii— Apis;    Arn.;    Calebs.;    Hep.;    Merc. 
Klce  water— ^ri,r    Camph.;    Jatrapha;    Kali  p.;    Merc. 

s.;     Vgr.  a. 
Scanty — Aeon,;    Aloe;     Ars..;     BelL:    Campb.:    Canth,; 

Cap^K;    Coich,;    Col,;    Mete,  c.;    Merc,  d,;    Merc,  tu; 

Nux  v.;    Oleand.;    SuL      See  DysentBry. 
Slireddy,  EtTingy,  membTaixouEp  llbe  scraplnii  of  In- 

t^Rtlnei— Aloe;      Arg.    «.;     Ars.;      Asar,;      Cnntk,; 

Curb,  ac:    Cahh,;    Kali  n.;    MetC-  c;    Morc.^-»iVti. 

ac;    Pod.;    Puis.;    Sul.  ac. 
flour— CToli?-   r.;     Colch.;     CoL;     Hep.:    Jal-V    Ma$.   h; 

Merc.  V,:    Nitn  ac.;    Pod.;     Rheum:    Sul. 
Sudden,  lmp«raUv©»  cannot  wait— ^^/o^,'    Cist  us;    Cm, 

i.;      Gamb.;      Lil.    t.;      Nat.    c.;      Paioiiia;      Psor.; 

Rumex;    SuL;    Troinb,;    Tub.;     Ver^  a, 
Tenaeioui,  gUlriP— /i^-if , .■     Cap«.;     Croti  'tr    Helleb.V 

Kali  bich.      See  Mucous. 
UndieeKted,  lienterlc— jEth.;    Ant.  r.;    Atg.  n.;    Ars,; 

Axar;    Bry,;    Cah.  c;    Calc.  p.;    Cinch.,    FaTT.^t., 

Ferr.  m.;    Graph.;     Hep.;     lodoi,*     Mu^.  c;    1S.K^. 
■*;.;    Nux  m,;     Oleand.;     Phoi,   at;.;     P\vQa*\     Po^- 
5ui.  ,^     V&S. 


i 


Ba4  ItEPERTORY 

Watery  I  Ultti — Acct.  ac;    Accjti.;    Aloct    Aisttfn,.    Atii. 

c.;    Apb;    Apoc.;    An^,'    As;af.;     Bapt.;    Btm.  ac, 

Bism.;     Bor.;    Bry,;    CbLc,  c:    Calc.  p,;    Carbov.; 

Cham,;     Chel.;      C*iifA-,'     Colch.;     CoL;     Crot,   l; 

Cuphca;     Cupn    are-:      £fol./     Fen*,    m.:      Gamh.; 

Graph,;     Gmt^;    Hep.;    lodof,;    /rti;    JuL^    Jatro- 

pha;    Kali  bich.;    Kali  n.;    Laur.;    L€pi.*    Mag.  r  . 

Nat.  s.;     Petrol*;     Ph&i*  ttc.;    Pbos.;     Pod,;     F4\}r ; 

Pub.;     Rheum;    Rhijs  t.;     Rumex;     Sffc-.;    Srnff : 

Tab.  I    Thuya;    Tronib.;     Ver.  a*:    Zinc. 
Wmtery,  like  w&ihliigt  of  tn^t—CaHtk,;  Phos.:  RlHtst 
Willie — Aeon.;       BelL;       itVHZ,    ac;      Ca^Ic.     c;      Crot 

Cham.;    Chel.;    Cini;    Cocc;     Calck.;     Ciab.;     Dig,; 

Dale.:     HtiUb.;    Hep,;    lod,;     Kali   m.;     Mau    c. 

Aterc.  dy;    Mercs    Mci^;    Nujcui,;    Phot,  ac;    FhoM,. 

Pod.;    Pub.;    Tromb. 
Yellow— Agar.;    Aloe;    Api»;    Ars.;    Asar, :    Bor.;    Caic 

cr,    Cham,;    ChfL:    Cinch.;    Col.;     Crot.  K;    Dulc. 

f#jimb.;     Grat-;    Gumma;     Hep.;     N<iir  ^.;     Nat    &  . 

Nuphar;     Nux    m.;      Phos.    ac. ;      Pod*;      Rheniti, 

Rhus  t,;    Senna:    SuL:    Thuya. 
OONOOMTFAirrS— BEFORE     STOOL;    CWUtneH:    Ar. 
Mtrc.    v.:    Phus 
Golie,    cnmps— jEth.;      Aloe;      Al&ttjn  ;      BHi  ;    Bin 

Cascar, :     Chum,;    Cina;     Cinch, ;     CoL;    Cupr,  aris  , 

i?i(jjnr.;    Dulc;    Elat.;    Gumma;    Ipec^;    Iris;    Lisp  I, 

Jtfaf.  ^.;    M*rc.  c./    Merc,  d,;    Merc;    Rk^umj   Sen- 
na;    Ver.  a.     See  Colic. 
fl»tiil«nt    nimbUns— i47iw.'     Asaf,;      Carbo    v.i     Ctj] 

Gamb.;    Kali  d.;     A'fll.  *.;    Pod.;    Puis. 
Haaceft — ^r>.;    Chrom.  ac;    I  pec;    Merc  v.;    Rhu*  l; 

Sep. 
Urctngt  P*lnful— ^icptf;    Are.:     Dell.;     Camph.;    Ci«tiJ&; 

Col.;    Con.:     Cr^ft.  i.;     Foimiea:    Het*.;     Ign.;     Kal' 

bich.;    Lept.;    Merc,  c;    Mwrc*  d^:    Mere,  v,;     A' tut 

v.;     Oleand.;     Pod.;     Rheum,     Sil.;     Stfont.:    Sd  . 

Var.  a. 
DtrBm&STOOL— Sunilns  In  uiui;    Aloe;    /tf-«.;   Canth 
Chcnop.  k1.;    Con;    /tm,    Jual   c.;    MwYcd.;    Mut.ai; 
Pod.:     Pruu.  si>.;     Ratanh.;     Rheum;     TrombH     fi«c 
Anus. 
Cmmneii— .4rs,,-    Bell,;    Colch.:    Jairopka;    Mwh\  v-; 

Rheum;     Set^.;    Tromb,;      Vtr,  a. 
Colic,  c ramp i^ Aloe;    Alaloti..;   Axs.i   Camph.:    Contk 


ABTiOUEJi 


825 


Caps*:  Ceanoth.;  Cham.;  Cinch.;  Cat.-  C^pr, 
arM.;  Cupn  m.;  Dulc;  Elat-S  Jp^c;  Ins;  Jatro- 
pha;  Lept.*  M^rc.  c;  Merc,  d^:  M$rc.  ik;  Pod,; 
Rhetitn;  Sect  Sul.;  Triost.;  Tromb.;  Vrr,  a^; 
Zms*     Sec  Colic* 

F&lntEng — Aide;    Ars^:  Sul. 

Flatui»  fetid  expelled — Agar.  ^  Aloe;  Arg.  n.;  Caic.  p.; 
Carbo  w;    Cinch.:    Ign.:     Wal,  #.;    Phos.  ac;    Pod. 

Nauiea, TOmitlllC — ^th.;  ArU,t.:  Ars.;  Bism,;  Chrom 
at.;  Filix  m,:  I  pec.;  IHt;  Jatropha;  Merc; 
Opuntia:    Pod.;    Tab.;    Triost,;     Vet.  a. 

Tenesmuii  ursliis  piinful  —  Aeon.:  Aloe;  Angoph,; 
Ars.t  B0IL:  Citntk.;  Carb.  ac;  Colch.;  CoL; 
Cyphea;  Cupr.  ac;  Cupr.  ars.;  Hep,:  lin.;  Iptc: 
Kali  hick.;  Kali  n,;  Mag.  c;  Aferc.  c.;  Merc,  d.\ 
M0rc.  v.;  MoTph.;  Nit.  ac;  Nuxv.;  Op.:  Pltimb* 
ac;  Pod.;  Rheum;  Rhus  t.;  S^nec,;  Sil.;  SuL; 
Tab.;    Tromb. 

Teneranut  of  TsUdder— Canth,:    LiL  t,;    Merc.^. 
AFTEK  STOOL — Anuf  Imralng  In^    Aloe:    Apoe.;    Ars. 
Canthr;    Capi.;    Carbo  v.;     Gamb,;    Grat.;    tris;    Kali 
C-;    Merc  V,;   Pmn,  sp.;    Raiank.;  Tromb.      See  Anus. 

Coldnew— Alee:  Am.:  Camph.;  Canth.;  Caps,;  Carbu 
v.:    Formica;    Sec:    Tab.;     Ver.a. 

Del)lllt7i    Ktluiuitloii— jEth. ;      AU,;     Aioe:      Arg.    n,; 
Arn.;       An*;      Bism,;      Camph.; 
■I  Cupr.  tn. ;    Ferr.  m. ;    Iris  ;     Kali  p.; 

'  Fed.;   Sec;   Sep.;    Sul.  ac;    Tab.;   Tereb.; 

Upas;      Vtr.  a. 

Fainting— 4 Jo*,-  Con.:  Crot,  t.;  Mire.;  Pa-ania;  Sars.; 
Tereb. 

HemorrhOidi— >llc?«/  Ham.;  Mur.  ac  See  Hemor- 
rhoids, 

Frol&pnii  uil— i4f£)F;  Alum.:  Jj?«.,-  Merc,  v.;  ^3It,  ac; 
Pod.;    Sul.:    Tromb.      See  Rectum. 

Sweat— Ant.  t,;    Ars.:     Ver,  a. 
I       Ten«piiui     (nerer-fet-doiit     fe«ltiii)— -«th.;      BelL; 
I  Canih.;    Caps.;    Culch.;     Gamb.;    Ign.;    Kali  bich.; 

[  Mag.  c;     Merc,  c;    Merc   d.:     Mtrc.  v.;    NuJt  v.; 

Rheum:    Senna;    Sw/.;    Tromb, 

Thirst— Cflj&*.;   Duld. 

Vomiting— A  rg.  n.;    Colch.;  I  pec;   Iris;  Nux  v.;  Ver-  a, 

MODALITIES  —  Affsritvatloiiiii     Frofa    eitltigi    drtnlE- 

10^:     Aloe;     Alsiuu  ;     Apis;     Apoc;      Aifft.  -n. 


Colcb.;  Con.; 
Nit.  ac :  Pfcffji- 
Trorab.: 


&96  RBPBRTOB.V 

Ctiurfr,;     Col.;     Cfot.   i.;     Fern    m. 

V'fr,  (J. 
From  motion — Aloe:  Apis;  Bry.;  Cinch.;  Culch.i  JV^IJ 
Lq  a.ftemooii — Calcc,:;    CViifft,;   Cornh  c*;    Lye. 
In  autxmm     Cc^lch.;    M^fc.;   Nux  m. 
In  dj^tlme  only—  Petrol.;   Piloc, 

111  eveiiius,  nlsht — j4r*,;  Cinch.;  Ferr.  m.;  Ins. 
A/#rc.;  Nat.  nit,;  Nn3t  m.;  PcitL;  PmUi^i  Pscr,, 
RhM»  t.*  StfGni.i  Sul,;  Wyeth. 
In  mumlUSt  early— Acet.  ac;  j4/<w;  LiL  t";  Med,. 
Nut.  s.;  Napkiir;  Nu3t  v.;  Phos,;  Pod.,*  Psor,; 
RhuEJ  V,;  Rvm^%;  Stkta;  Sm/./  Thuya;  Tromb, 
tn  mominfi — Bo  v.;     Bry.;     Cact.:     Cist,  us;     Fcrr.    m.: 

Lilt.-    Lye;     K ali  tick* 
In  periodleal  a^ltacks  — Euphoirb.   cor,;     Cineh.:     KqH 
bich.;    Iris. 
DUOBHKUM  -  Duodenitis ;     C«.tart-h  of :     inflMwina  tlon 
of :     Ars.;     A  LI  f . :     B  er  b .    v . ;     Cinch .;      H  y  d  r . ;      KaH 
hick,;    Merc,  d.-     Pad^;    Rtcin.l    Satig. 
Ulceration  of — Kali  bkh.;    Uran. 
DySBHTEET— /Ifow.,-     Aitfe:     AJstpn.;     Arg,    a.;     Am.. 
Ars.;      Aaclep.     t.,      Bapt.;      BttL;      Cantk^r      C^fi»i 

ICarb.  ac. ;  Chaparro;  Cinch.;  Cokk.:  CuUins.;  Cd.: 
Cupr.  ara.;  Dulc;  Hrig,;  K»caLt  Ferr,  p*;  Ganib ; 
l-iam.;  ipec.;  Kali  bUh.;  Kali  m. ;  Kali  p,;  Lcpt, 
Lil,  t. ;  Afag.  cr,  Merc,  c;  Merc,  d,;  Mere,  v.;  PTit 
ac;  Nnx  v,,'  Op.;  Phos,  ac*;  Phoa.;  Piunib.  ac. ;  Pod,; 
Puis.;  Rheutn;  Rhus  L:  Silph.;  Swi.;  Tanac; 
TrilL;  rromft,,'  Xanth.;  Vaccin. 
Chronic ^  Intractable  cases — Cop.;  Duk.:  M#fc,  c;  Nit 

ac;     \'ux  t' ;    Phus,  ac;     Rhtjas  ar-i,   .S^ittiuL/t,  i* 
m  old  p  eople '    B  a  p  t , 

In  plethoric^  nervous,  cUmacterlc  females  —Lil.  t. 
With  lone  Intervals  between— Arp.;   Cinch. 
Wltb  rheuinatic  pam£  all  over  -Asclejj,  t. 
With  tearing  down  thli^l^s— Tlhus  t. 
Worse   Ln  autumn— Ctj^c ft,;     Dnlc;     Ipec;     Merc,  c; 
Mere.  T.;    Knl,      8ee  DiarrhLea^ 
EKTEEITIS— See  Uiarrhtea. 
^i^TZBO -COLITIS     Stie  Dlarrhc^a, 
ajlLL-BJLADDEE. 
BXLIAKY  CALCUI-1  '  CtLQ\eU12bl*tiUv    K^it  %  ^m^x. ;  l«iH 


ABDOMEN 


827 


Ctfftft.p'     Diosc;    Fcl    tauri:    Fcrr.  e,j    Gels-:    Ilydt;; 

Lach.;    hepU;    Nn%  v.:    Pod-;    Ptel,;    Tarax. 

BlllAry  colic— A ra.;     BdLs     ^pr6*  K;     Cuk.e.;    Cham.: 

CheL;     Chionanth.;     Cinch.;     Cot.;     Dig.;     DioK,; 

Gels,;     Hydr.T    Lye*;    Nux  v,;    Op.;    Tereb. 

HEMOBBBO IDS— (Piles):  BemedleilnseneTAli  Abrot.; 

Aeon.;     JEtic.    gl.;     j^ic;      Ala^t'     Am*   c;     AitIh    m.; 

Apis;    Ars,;    Bar.   c;    BelL;   Brom.;    Calc.  ^.;    Cups*; 

\t  Carbo  an.;    Carbo  v.;    Cau;st^;    Cham.;    Chroiti:  St.; 

CeitijtSy;    Cop^;     Diosc;    Ferr.  p,;     Viunr,  ac;    Grat.; 

I  Ham.:     Hep.;    Hydr. ;     Hyper.;     Ijjn.:      Kalim.;     Kkli 

s.;    Lach,;    Lye;    Mag.  m.;    Millef.;    Mucuna;    Miir* 
oCh."     Nc^undo;     Hit^    ac;      Ai'mj  v,;      Pitonia;     Pod.; 
Pub.;    Ratanh.;   Sab.r    Seropbtil.;    Semperv.  t*;   S^tif 
SuL  ac;    Verbasc:    Wyeih.;    Zmg. 
Bleedlns — .4tt?ff,.'     j45sc.:      j4/cw,*      -4 hi,    c.,'     Calc.    fl.; 
Caps.;      Chrora,    ac;      C<?tlins,;      £lri|r,.:      FefJ*.    p.; 
j  Ficcus;    Hydr,i    Hyper.;     Kali  m.;    Lopt*;    Lycop.; 

Milief.;    Nit.  ac;     Ni4X  v.;    Sab.;    SuL 
Bleediusi   datk,  Tenous  Mood — Aloe;     Ham.;     Hydr. ; 

Kali  TTi- ;    Sul. 
Blind— ^*t,;    Calc.  fl.;    Collins.;    Igti.;    Nax  v.;    Put.; 

ShL;    Wyeth. 
BlulilliPUrpllih— ^€sc,  kK;    ^mt.;    /l/o*;    Capa,^   GaifbtJ 

v.;    Lach.;     A/ iff,  cic.  t  : 

BumliiS.  inaartiiig".'E*f.;  Am.  m.;  Ars.;  eal6.-4Jff 
Caps.;  Carbov.;  Cawst.i  Ffuflr*  of ►;  Graphs  Ign.; 
Mag.  m.;  mucuna-  Nei^undo;  Nu^  ik;  PsCpt,: 
Rutanh.;  Sui, 
(  TnflftTncd — -4con,;  ^sc;  Aloe;  Caust.;  Cop*  See 
Scnsitive- 
licMnc — ^if^  /  Aloe:  Cap^.;  Caust.;  Cafi;;  Olon,; 
Ham.;     Nux  v.;    Puis.;    5h/-  ' 

Mucoui   ptlest    continually    oozing— .^/^v;      Am.    m.; 

Ani.  c;    Caj>&,:    Caust,;    Siil.  ac. 
FrotTUdlng,  frape-like,  Bwollen— .1/tw;    Caps.;    Carba 
v.:      Caust.;      Collins,;       Diosc,;      Kali    d      Latk.: 
Mur.  iic,"    Nux  v.:    Ratanh,;    Sul,;    Th^ra* 
Prof rudlng  when  urln&tluc-  Bar.  ti . ;    Mur.  etc. 
Sensitizer  exquisitely  painftil — jEsc.  rL;    j£:#f.;  Ali^; 
Beil,;     Cact, ;     Cars  ;      Caust.;     Cham,;     Collttis^v 
Ham,;    Hyp^f.;    Kali  a.;     Lack,;    I^yc.;    "Nla.^.  to.,-, 
J  Mmr.as.;   NiL  ac;    Nmx  v,;    Plant.;   P\x\a.%   RatanV 


8 si  RBPEKTORY 

COHCOMITJUTTS-^WlSlx    backmebe;      JErc,     gi.     .£i.  , 
Bell.;    Calc.  fl.;    Chrtim,  ac;    Euonyiu.;     N»x  v.;  Sul. 
See  Back. 
With  ooniMpatloiL— iSnCv   gL;     -«sc.;     CpWih^.;    Euo- 

nym.-     Kalis.;     Nvx  v.;    Paraf,^    SwI.;    Verbasc 
With  dcDllity  -  H  y dr. 

Wltli  IKiurei,  soreneii  of  anu»— Caps  ;  Cham>;  NiL  m 
With,  hypdchondrl&sli — d  rat. ;    A'  ux  v. 
With  pelvic  eoagestlcm — Aloe:    Ctdlins.;    Hep*;    Pod; 

Nux  V. ;    Sul. 
Wltb  ipa-tm  of  Bphlncter— SiL 

Wltli  fitltches  in  rectum  during  coucb--  I^n.;    KaU  r ; 
Lach. 
AGGEATATIONS :    After  confinement— Aloe;    Ayis    See 
Female  Se\ual  System. 
Ai  rheumatic  STmptomt  altate — A  brat. 
Dunns  cUmacteric — M&c     Sec  Female  Sexual  Syslem- 
Durtn^  men<e«— Am.  c. 
DuTfng  fitting     Thuya. 
From  alcohollG  abuiet  in  icdentatr  penomi — JSsc  Ml 

Nux  V, 
Tmrn.  cfltighing,  sneeiins — Cau^^t.^     Kali  c.;    Lach. 
From  walking     Cavisi, 
AMELIOEATIOICS— From  cold  water:     Atae;    Rataoh. 

From  bo  t  wat  er — Ars . ;    M  u  i-  ac. 
HEaNlA  — .^sc.i    Am.  c:   Calc.  c;    CtfCt.;  Iris  fact.;   Lyi  : 
Nux  v.-    Picrot,;    Sil.;    SwL  of ./    Vcr.  a. 
Enoaroeratod— Millef.;    Op. 
In  children— To /r.  c;     Xux  r  ;    Sil.;    SuL 
Scrotal,  congenital —  Mait.  m. 

atrauglUated— Aeon.;     £?ffir/    Nux   v.;     Op^    PJunih 
XTmhllleal— Calc.  c  ;    Cocc.;     iVtir  i% 
INTESTINEB      IntueBUiseptlon,     obi  true  tton:      Acu" 
Atrop,;    f^d/ ;  Merc.  c. ;    A^Mi  v,;  Op.;    Plumb,  Ver.  » 
Ob«truetlon,    pijit-oper»tlT«— Aeon.;       .Int.;       Bell 

Merc.  c. 
Panljili  of— Eser,  sal.;    Plumb,  ac. 
mceratton  of— Cupr.;     Kali  hick,;    Mere,  c.:     Stil    at  . 
Sul. ;      UrnH. 
JAUNDICE— tletemi):    Aeon.:   Arg.  n.:    Am.  m.;    AiU 
cu.'^;     Aur.  m.  ».;    Aur,;     Bry.;     Card,  m.;     Cfonoih.. 
Cham,;    Chel.  ;   CKionantk.-,   Cholcst, ;    CiKch.;  Ct>rn  . 
c;    Crot.;    Dig.;   Bo\\e\ka&',  ie.\i^,  v*t\,.    H-si^  .    M 


ABPOMEK  BS0 

f     Mmtc,  d.!    Mtre.  t.,*    Myr,^   Kai.s.i    Nil.  ac;     Nuxv,; 

,     Ostrya:      PAiJf.,-     Plumb,;      Pad..'     Rumex;      Ruta; 

1      StHL;    Tariix.;    Y ticca;    V«roii.;    Vipera. 

minwilc— Chel.;    Cow./    lod,;    Phox. 
j'SziOQilon    ol    cmtfttrhii    proaeii— Am.     m:      ChrL; 
i  Clinch-:    Dig.;    Hydt  :    Merc.-    Nux  v,.    Pod. 

I  Inf  an  III*— Cham.;    LupuL;    Merc.  d. 
Juill^najit— Aeon,:    Crot,;    Phoi. 

Rapt^  cattf^;    Carbov. ;     C^anoth.;     Cim.;    Dig,  j     Kail  J 
c;    Of.  fld.;    Parth.;    P«jl».      See  Spleen, 
PkIs  la  Tlcht  ildft — Aloe;    Aur;    Bapt;    Bwrb.  v.;    Bry.; 
Carbo   v,;     CkeL:     CiWh  ;     Con.;     Dioxc:    Gins,; 
m  Jacarp;     Jatrophfti      Kf^li  tick.;    Limul, ;      Nat>   r,;  I 

^T  Nux  v.;     OL  j,  ^.:     Pod.c     Ft^t.,     Ran.  a.;     Sui;  ' 

Wycth.     Sec  Liver. 
LITEB— Abioeil    Oi:      Be//,.-      Bry.,     Chin,    ara.;     W*f.; 
Lach^    A/fffc.,     Rhus!.;    Sil 
I         AlTeotloni  tn  svufl^L—Abies  c.     Am.   m,;    Ars.  io4.:| 
I  Aur  m.;     4«f.  m.  »*;     Berb.  v,;     ffry.,-    Ci^rd.  m.; 

I  C#aii^A,;      Cham,:      Ck^l.:    Chelone;     Chimanlh,; 

J^^  Cholest;     Cinch.;    Cob,;     Con,;     Corn,   c;     Crot,; 

^^H  DioKe^;     Dotiehos;     Eup.   perf.;    Euonym.;     Mrp,; 

^^1  Hydr.;     Irit;     Kaii  c;     Kali  iod,;     L«pt.;     Lye,: 

^^B  Mag,    m,;     Mang.  a,;     Mairub. ;     M^rf.   i.;     Myr.; 

^f  A/d^.  hI.;     A'«3c  tf.:     Pk0t.;     Pod.;     P(*l.:    Quvrc,  «l. 

i  sp.;    Selen.:    Sep.;    Stellar,.:    ShL;    TJran;    Vanad,; 

Veron^ 
AtTtlpbj,  aoute»  yellow— Dir.  ;    Pit^j. 
GIRRHO&Ifi   'Atrophy  of:    Abie^  c^;    Apoc;    An,;    Ars. 
iud,;      Aiir.     niur.,      Calc.    ars.;      Cord*    fw^;      Cinch*; 
Pel  tauri:     Fluor,  ac;    Graph.;     Hydr.;     lod.;     Kali 
iod.;     Lye;     Merc.   4.;     Mttc^;     NaMturt,  aq.;     Hat« 
chlof.;    Nit.  ac;    Ndic  v.;     Phot.;    Pod, 
Omesr  Of--C^oJrf^;    Hydr,;    Nit.  ac, 
C3OIfO£STI0N    OF    (H^«fflOil»,    fullSftttp    torpldltj)-- 
Ahie^  c.;    iCsc,-    Agar.;    Aloe;    Ars,;    Berb,    v.:      Bry.; 
Card,    m,;       Cham.;       CkeL;       Cinch^;      Eui>.     prrf,; 
Euonym.;     Dig.;     Hwp.;     Hydr.;     iri$:     Kali    bich.; 
Kali   m.;     Lept.;     Lye.;     Mag,    m.-     Mtte-  d.;    Mer(\; 
Nit,   ac;      Nux   v.;     PhcfS.r     Pier,  ac;     Pod,:    Ptel.; 
S#A'p'    Stellar.;    StilL;    Smi.;    Tromb, ;    Vipera. 
Gimi^ettiimt  ehr^ni  c — A  m .  m , ;   CVitl , ,    C  h  oV*  u  ,   ^\^0(\ , , 
Con.;  Kalic;  Lye.;  Mag.  to.;  SeWt\.\  Siil;  >J  vv«i%-. 


^ 


REPERTORY 


Enlargement  Of  {hypertrophy )^ylrK.,*    Calc/ars,i   Chel; 
Chin,   ars,;     Chionantk^:     Cinch.;    Con.:    Col,:    Dit*i 
Perr.   iod.;     lod.;     Mag,    m^;     M^rc.  ti,;    Iflerc;    Nxt 
v.;    N&t.  s.;      Pod.,'     Sec,;     S^lea.;     StdiJar.;     Taras-i 
Vii'cra;    Zinc.      See  Conjuc&tion, 
FattydegeaeratlOliOf— CheL;    PA <?».,■   Plcr-ac;  Vanad. 
Indur^tlcm   of— Abies    c;     j4«r.;     Cinch.;     Cff«*,-    Ptttor, 
ac;     Graph.;    Merc;     Nii?c  v.;     Tarast.;     Zinc.      Bee 
Ctrrhijsis. 
H]£FATmS:    Perlliep4tltli— InfflammatliHi    of:    Aeon.; 
Aur.:    Bry.;   CheL;   Corn,  c;  Hep.;    Kali    iod.;    i^ticl., 
Merc,   d.;    A/ if  re;    PhoE.;   Psor,;    Sil,:     Stellar.;  Sul, 
FAIH    IN    {hepatalgla)  — Aeon;     Aloe;     Am.    m.;     Ah.; 
Bdl.;     Bsrb.v.;    Bry.;    Calc.  s.:    Carbo  v.;    Card,  m.; 
Ceanoth.;      CW,;     Chelone;      Cinch.  ■     Cob,;     Coa.,- 
Crot.;     Dioici    Jatropha;     Lept.;     Mag,  m.;     Mmtc; 
Merc,  d.;     Myr.;      Nm%  v.;     01,  j.  as.-      Pod.:     Pi*ii 
Ran,  b.;     Ran.  k.;     Sane,;     Selen.;     Sfp,;     Sul. 
F&in  stitQhln^^Acon.;    Agar,;    Am.  m,;    BelL;    Beci 
ftc;    Bcrb.  vr.    Bry.f    ChwL;    Cmch,;    Diosc,  E    Hep,; 
Kali  bich.;     KaU  c;    Merc;    Nat,  s,;    Nti3cv.;    Ox. 
ac;     Ran.  b.;    Stellar. 
Fains  worse  lyln^  on  leU  side —Nat.  s. 
Fain  worse  un  ri£ht  side — Diosc.;    Mag.  m.;    Mtrc. 
Flgmentary  degftneration  of— Arg.  n. 
iensltiYfinegfi  to  toueh*  presiure-— j^c;     Al^;    Ba|tt; 
B^ll,;    Berb.    y,;     -Bfy.;    Calc    c;     Card,    ro*i     Clvs' 
parro;     ChtL;    Chclone;    Chionauth,;     Cinch.;    Evp, 
perf.;      Fluor,     ac.;      Hydr,;      lod.;      /rii;     Kali    c; 
LuiT^.;    Lye;     Afflg,    «i.;    Mtrc.  4.;    Merc;    Nat   i.: 
Nttx  P.;     Pod,;    Ptel.;     Ran.  b.;   Sap.;   Stellar.;   Sul.. 
Zinc. 
Byphllit  of— Aur*    mur.:      Kali    iod.;      Merc.    1.   r.     Set 

Male  Sexnal  Syatera. 
Waxy  liver— C ale  c;    Kaiii&d,:   Sit. 
F AIVCBE AS  —  Afie otlon«  Of :    Al r&pi i    B  an  m  4    Gale .  its,; 
Carlto  an.;    Carbo  v,;     lod.:    Iris:     Kali  iod.;     Mftt.; 
Pancreat.;    Phos, 
PERINEUM- Ars,;      Asaf.;       Bell,;       Bov,;      Can,     ind  . 
Chtntaph.;      Kali    bieb.;      Lye;      Melj^tofna;     Mert,. 
Sq  n  ic . ;    Sa  n  tal . ;  Sele  r  , 
i»£fiJTONITl»— ^C(J«.;    A^e:    ^^\  Atrop.;   B^IL;  Bry, 
CaJc.  c,:    Canth.'.    Ciin/,    CivvtVi,:    Co\.;    ^<i\.-.   F«-f. 
/>,;    Lack.i    Lye;    Mare  c;    U^LYt,  ^^    Mete;  ^W 


ABD0M£1«4 


Sinup.;      Sul;      Tetfeti.! 


H^ 


V*p.' 


Carbo  v.;    Cinch., 


Wyeth. 

XTttnkc^Lys.;   Merc,  d.;    Sul. 
Zliercular-^  AbTot.;    Ars .  ■   C al c 

Psor.i    Titbt  .   -    .  \ 

ITYPHLrrtS—  A rs,;    Edl,;    Iris  m in.,-    Lack.;   Merc^  c 
EEH— A troikEi7»  Indura tlon  of :   E u c aL  ^   I&d.;   P h us . 
lieaseSp  epidemlCp  in  domestic  aninuilB — Antbrac, 
.iDlargement  of — Aaar.i    At?.;    Aur.  mur.,    CaU,  ars., 
Card^  m,;     C^anoth.;    Chionanth.;    Chin,  s.j  C4nch., 
Ferr.  ac;    Fsrr.ars.;   Ferr.  iod.;    Grind.;    Helianih., 
lod.;    Malar.;    Nat.  m.;    Phos.  bc;    Phos.;    Polym.; 
Qtten:.;   Swccin,  " 
!P  LENIT  IS — Inflamm&tlon  of  i   Aran . ;   Cea  n  ot  h.  ; 

Succin.;    Ver.  v.      See  Enlargement. 
^ftln     In — Agar.;   Arn.;    Ars^;    Ceanoth.;   Cobalt. 
Heiianih.;   lod.;   Lob.  cer.;    Nai.  m.;    Parth, 
noied.;    Urt. 
A  Fmln  In    ititohlnff — Agar.:      Alston.;      Am.    m.; 


Polym.; 

;   Grind.; 
;    Pctym. 

Sellis: 


Cttiinoth.;    Kali  bich.;    Tarax. ;    Ther. 
TYPHLITIS* APPENDICrria— Aeon.;    An.;   Bapt.;  BflL: 
Bry,;   Canth.;    Colch.;    CoL;    Diosc;      Echin.;    Gins.; 
Hep.;    Iris  ten.;     Lack.;     Merc,  c;     Merc*;     Nux  v,- 
Plumb.;    Rhamnus;    Rhus  t.;   SiL;    Ver.  v, 
UMSILICUB*    NATEL— Bleeding    from,    In    new    bom: 
Abrot.;    Cah.  p. 
Bubbling  sensation— Berb.  v. 

Paint  BOteness  about— 4Jot;    Bens*  hc.\    Bov.;    Bry.; 
Cakr  p.;    Ckam.;   Chel.;    Cina;   Cocc;    CoL:    Dutc.i 
Euonyoft.;     Gtanat.;     Hyper.;     Ipec;     Lept.;     JVk* 
tM.;    Oleand.;    Paraf.;    Phos.  ac;    Plat^;    Ran.  ac; 
Raph,;     Rheum;    Seiiec;     Spig.;    Stann,;    Taxut; 
Verbasc;     V0f.  a. 
Betractlonqf— Calc.  p.;    Plumb.:   Pod- 
tfrlne  oosinc  from— Hyos. 
WOBMS — Remedies    In    generftl;     Mtc;     Apoc.    andr.; 
Ars.;    Bapt.:    Bell.;    Calc.  c;    Cic;    Cupr.  ac*;     Frrf* 
mur,;    T^tt.  s.;    Filix  m.;     Granat.;    Ipec;     Kali  m.; 
Kiiosso;    Lye;    Merc,  c;     Nuph.;    Nai,  p.;    Passifl.; 
Ratanh.;   Sabad.;   Sunt  on.;    Sil.;    Spig.;   Stann,;   SuK; 
Tereb,;     Tetter  :    Ver.  a.;     Viola  od. 
ASoartf  lumbricoldes— .4^rfj/.;     j£sc.;    At\\..  c,    Ci-Aa; 
Mere,  d,;   Naph.;   Sabad.;   S  ant  on.;   SffiR.;    ^^^t\i£\,' 
Tereb.;    T^mr. 


833  REPERTORY 

Ozjurll  TtnnlWllfcTll — Bapt.;     Cina;     Merc,  d.;    Nat. 

p.;   Ratanh.;  Sanion. 
Tmila— Cucur.;     FUix    m.;    Granat.;     Kali  |iod.;    Ka- 

mala;    Kuosso;    Sabad.;    Stann. 
TrlehllUB— Ars.;    Bapt. 


URINARY  SYSTEM 


TEOTIONS,  In  (Jldrnea— Cop.;   Hep,:   Phus.; 
SuU      Sec  Weakness. 
iLADDER —Atony  of :    Ate.;   Dult.;   Op.i    Ptumh  t  Rhus 

ar. ;    Rhus  t.      See  Paralysis, 

EmrSESIS— InootitliietiGe;  Bemedlei  to  seiier»l :  A^ar,; 

Apis;    Afg.  M.;    Ars.;    Atrop.;    BttH.;    Rem.  etc.;    Cftic. 
J  c^;      Canth.;      Ca  «*!(.;      C*>ia,'      Cim.;      Con.;      Dulc: 

i  Eaw«.;   Eup.  perf.;   Ferr.  m,;    Fftr,  p.;  Gels.;   Hyos,; 

^^  KoHifp-  KftU  n*;  Kali  p.;  Kreos.;  Linar.;  Lupul: 
^^^I.ye.;  Mae.  p.i  Med.;  JVmjk  ir.;  Op.;  Plarvt.;  FttU.; 
^^f  Ehits  ar.*  Rhus  t.;  Sahal;  Sanic;  Santon;  S^c; 
Senega;  S^f?.,-'  Sil.;  Stram.;  SuL;  Tereb.;  Tkyr^: 
Thuya;  Tritic;  Uran.;  Verbasc.  Sc«  Flow, 
TYFE  AHT>  OCCURRENOE-Btumal:  Are.  n.;  Equis.: 
F*rr  «n.;  Ferr.  p.;  Sec. 
In  old  people — Aloe;     Arg.  n.:    Canth.:     EquU.;    'Mit. 

ac.;    Rk^s  of.;    Sec;    Senega;    TuTHera> 
Hootttm*!— Am.  c. ;    Am.  n.;    Se/r;    Bcnsj.  ac.;   Calc.  e.; 
CauHr,    Equitr,    F«rr.  p.;    Gek.;    Kali  br.:    M§d.i 
Plant.;    Puis.;    Quass.;     Rkiti  ar,;    Santon.;    Sec; 
StX;    Uran. 
OAnfl£—Catti«terlE«ti(m  after :  Ma^^  p. 
Dlge »tWe  dlsturbane« a  -  D iz  n  z .  a c . ;     Nux  v.r    P uls^ . 
Hytterla     Val.  am 
I        W«ak    or   paretic    sphinoter   Tftiien-- Apoc.;       BclL; 
I  CaiiH.;    Con.;    Ferr.  p.;    Kux  v,;    Rh\iji  ar.;    S^bat; 

I  Sec;    S^ry<;/(.      See  Paralysisi. 

Woraai— ^Cina;    Sunt  on,;    Sul, 
•   F«flliiiffp  at  If  bi^lt  or  plu^»  lii  bladder— An ac;      L^cb.; 
SantaK 

Feeltngi  &i  if  chill  riftnc  from,  to  b&clr  —  San;. 

Fflfllinff,  ai  if  dlatended  — Anthem  ;     Apoc.:    Ars,;  Con.:  j 

Con  v.;      Diy.;       Equix.;      Eup,      pcrf . ;     Gels,;      Hyot^i  \ 

Lytop.:     Parcira;     F*ula.;    Sars,;     Staph.;     Sxi,;    XJva. 

HAmorrhaffe     from — Amyg.     p^ra.;        Cact  ^       Carbo      v.; 

LErig.;    f/am;    M'lWef,:    Nit.    ac  *    Stc    TkWit^*-   ^^^       d 
r 


836  REPERTORY 

Hypertroiihy  of,  conoentrlo— Pichi. 

CYSTITIS— TTillaininatton    of:    Acute:      Aeon.;     Apu\ 

Ars.;    As  par.;    Bell.;    Benz.  ac;    Berb.  v.;    Camph.; 

Camphor,  ac;     Can.  s.;    Canth.;     Con.;    Cop.;   Cuh.; 

Dulc;    Elat.;     Equis.;    Erig.;     Eucal.;     Eup.  purp.; 

Ferr.    ac;      Ferr.    p.;      Gels.;     Helleb.;      Hydrang.: 

Hyos.;    Lach.;    Merc,  c;    Nit.  ac. ;    Ol.  sant.;    Pichi; 

Pip.  m.;     Pop,  tr.;    Prun.  sp.;     Pnls.;    Sabal;    Sab.: 

.    Sars.;  Saurur.;  Sep.;  Stigm.;  Std.;  Tertb.;  Tritic;  Uva. 

From  abuie  of  cantharli — Apis;    Camph. 

From  gonorrhoea — Benz.    ac;     Canth.;     Cop.;    Cub.: 

Merc.  c. 
From  operationi,  and  In  pregnancy — Pop.  tr. 
With  fever,  itrangury— i4coM.;    Bell.;    Canth.;   Gek.: 

Hydrang.;   Stigm. 

Chronic — Ara.;   Bals.  per.;   Baros.;    Bern,  ac;  Berb.  v.; 

Can.   s.;     Canth.;     Carbo   v.;     Caust.;     Chimaph.; 

Coccus;      Cop.;      Cub.;      Dulc;      Epig.;      Eucal.: 

Fahiana;     Grind.;      Hydr.;     lod.;      Kava;     Lye: 

Merc  c;    Pareira;    Pichi;    Pip.  m.;    Pop.tr.;  Prun. 

sp.;    Puis.;   Rhusar.;   Sabal;   Sep.;    Silph.;   Stigm; 

Tereb.;  Thlaspi;  Thuya;  Tritic;  Uva;  Vesic;  Zea. 

IBBITABILITY— Of  bladder  and  neck:     Aeon.;    Aloe: 

Apis;    Baros.;     Bell.;     Benz.    ac;     Berb.    v.    Buchu: 

Calc.    c;     Camph.;     Can.   s.;     Canth.;     Cop.;  •  Cuh.: 

Dig.;     Equis.;    Erig.;     Eup.  purp.;     Ferr.  ac;    Ferr. 

m.;     Ferr.  p.;  Guaiac;    Hyos.;    Kali    br. ;     Mitchclla: 

Nit.  mur.  ac;     Nux  v.;     Petros.;    Prun.  sp.;    Sabal: 

Settee;      Senega;      Sep.;      Staph.;      Stigm.;      Tereb.: 

Thuya;    Tritic. 

Irritability  of,  in  women— Cop.;    Cub.;     Emp.  purp.: 

Staph. 

PAIN   IN — Aeon.;     Ambra;      Bell.;     Berb.     v.;      Camph. 

Canth.;     Carbo    v.;     Caul.;     Caust.;     Coccus;    Cor- 

Dig.;     Dulc;    Equis.;     Erig.;     Eryng.;     Ign.;    Lach.: 

Lye;      Naph.;      Nit.     ac;      Op.;       Partira;     Pichi: 

Piloc;     Pop.    tr. ;     Prun.    sp.;     Pulex;     Puis.;    Rhus 

an;      Staph.;      Strych.;       Tereb.;      Thuya;      Tritic: 

Uran;     Uva.      See  Cystitis. 

TYPE— Aching:    Conv.;    Equis.;    Pop.tr.;    Sticta;    Tereb. 

Burning — Aeon.;     Baros.;     Berb.  v.;    Camph.;    Canth.; 

Cop.;    Ferr.  pier.;    Staph.;    Tereb.;    Thuya;     Uva. 
Cramp-like,    constricting— .B#tf.;      Berb.     v.;     Cact.: 
Caps.;    Lye;    Ov>.\    Polyg.;    Prun.  sp.;    Sars. 


rST 


837 


Call. 

ind.  ^ 

CuHth,; 

Frrr 

.  tni*T 

;     Ferr. 

)u; 

h'MX  V 

^:     Up,; 

Cuttfcngt    stHchbae— Aeon. :      Mih,:      Bell.j      Ecfb,    v,; 

(\itith.;    Core  us;    CoHh;    l^yc;     T^feh^ 
Neuralclc,  ipaamodlc — BelL;    Barb.fi.:    C&nth.:    CauL  : 

Lye;    Parrira;    Puis.;    Staph.;    Uva. 
Frcliinc    In— BrachyKl,;      Cact.;     Carbo    v.;     Coccus; 
Coti.;      Dulc.i      Equu^:      Lach.;      Lye;      Pop,    tr,; 
Pulex;     P«/t,;    Ruta:    Sepi    Staph,:    SuL;    Tereb. 
MODALITIES— ACGEATATIOHS^      After       urination: 
Ctifitk.:    Caust.;     Epig.;     tl^uis.;    Pichi;    Rula.      Ste 

From  drlnklBf  water — Canth. 
From  lithotomy — Staph. 
Ffom  wa^lMng — Con,;    Prunn  sp. 
AMELIOBATIONS— From  rest:    Con. 

From  urlnatloii — Coccus. 
,    From  wftUdiic— TcTfib. 
FABAI.T8I8  OF— Apot.;    AwH.;    Ar^. 
Ca  u  si . ;      Dig . ;     E  tical . ;     E  q  uis . ; 
p/;    Gris.;     Hdleb.;     Hyos.:     Murph. 
Plumbum.;    Sei^*:   Strych*;    Thuya, 
Falypl,  papilloma  of— Arfi.;    rafr,  c,;    TKiiya. 
Frolapsui  of  — Hyos.;    Pyrus. 

fensltiTe&eBii  tendeiztesi  of  vesical  region-  Ac rm.; 
BftL:  Bcrb.  v  ;  Canlk.:  Coccus;  Eqatitt.;  Merc,  c; 
Sticta;    T^r0b,     See  Pain,  i 

, Spasm  of  (cystospasm)  following  operations  on  ortace 

—  BetL;    CoL;    Hyper. 
TEKESMUflTEBICf^^tf^H.;    Aph:    A™.;    BeJL;    Bvnt. 
ac. :    Cam  ph.;    Cattth.;    Captt.;    Chimaph,:    CW,;  Cub.; 
EpiR.;     Bquie. ;     Eryn^.;     Ferr.    p.;     Litb.   c;     Med.; 
M^rc.  c:    Nux  v.:    OictVwj;    Pichh     P/wfJifr,  w.;    Pap. 
tr,;    Prun.  fip.;    Puis.;    Rhust,;    Sabal;    Sars. ;    Senet:.: 
Stigin.;    Teteh.:   Vesic. 
WEAKNESS  OF-'Inabllltj-  to  retain  urine;  dribbling: 
Alps;    Ananthn;    Apoc;    Belt.;    BenE,  ac. ;    BracbypL; 
C»mph.;     Can.  ind.:    CauH^:    Clenr.i     Ccpw,;    Bquis.; 
Erig.;   Gels,;   Hep.;    ^fuxv.;   Pubx;    Puta.;    Rbusur.; 
Sa^ton,;    Sars.:    Selen.;    Solan,  lye;    Staph.;     tJva; 
Ffrfcajif.,'    Vesie;    Xcrnpbyl. 
Wealoiesslnoldmen— Bcnz.  aej   Cli:m,;    Cott,;  Selen.i 
Si^iph.     S#G  ParalysiK. 
KIBNEYS— Abse«t«    Of     cperlneptiritlc) ;      Am,:      Bell  ; 

Hep.;    Merc;    Ver.  v. 
NEPHEOLlTHlASIfi— CaleulJ,   g^ravel:     CoUc;    Af^.    w; 


s^s 


REPERTORY 


Ben£.  &c.\  Serb,  v.:  Calc.  c;  Calc.  ren.;  CdtMb; 
Chin*  s,;  Co^cw,?;  Dioxe.:  EpiK^;  Erig.;  ErynjfK, 
Eup.  purp,:  Hedeoma;  Hy draught  Ipomoea;  Lyf.', 
Med,^  Nit.  nc.;  iVwJE  v.;  Occ»m«w,-  Onisctis,  Op.: 
PargfTa;  Pichi;  PolygouK:  Saraf.;  Sep.;  5M'|f«t-, 
Tafr,,'   T  hi  as  pi'    Uva. 

COli^,  worse  I*ft  Itde—  Berb.  v.;    Tab. 

CoUCi  worie  light  slde-^Lyf.;  Nux  v.;  Oc^imitm. 
Sars. 

lntcr-paroiyan*l  treatment— ^rrfc,  i?.;    Cfj^c.  €.:  Chin 

5.L    iryrlranj;,:    L.vc.;    Nux%'-;    Sep- 
C ONGE STION,  acute  —  Aeon.;   A rs .  n . ;    Am , ;    A ut . ,  0rW  , 
BeniE.  ac;    Berfc-   i',,-     Bry-t    Ca^mph.;     CuKf4,;     Dig- 
Ditk*;      Eucat;       Hdleb.;      Heion,;       Hydroc.    le ; 
Junip*;      Kali     bicb.;      Merc,     c;      O/^     xcinl.;     Op.; 
Rhys  t.;    Tereb,;    Vcr*  v.      See  Nephritis. 
Congeitlciii,  oUronli!    (pa»slYe,  frarn  heart  or  mdner 
diaeaBej— Aeon.:     Am.;     BeU.  :     Ca^^inc,     Conv.: 
Z?ig.,     Glun.;     PliOH. ;     Sirophr;     Strych,;     Ver.   v. 
See  Heart. 
DEGENSKATION  Of*  aoute,  unyloiil,  fattj— Apis;  An,. 
Aut.    mur.:     Bell.;      Cic;      Cnpr.   dur.;      Ferr-  njuf  i 
Hv^i^ue.  at.;      /Cofi  tod,;     Lye;     Nil,  ac*:     Pkei.afi 
PhoHr;    Rhus  1,;    Torch-     Sei=i  Nephritis* 
FJ#OATINa  KIDNEY  (n epbrop toil ■)— Reflex  cjmploini 
dels.;     /gn.;     Lach.;     Puis.:     Sir  ye  h.    <iri,:     Sul; 
Zinc. 
N£F  HBITIS — B  righV  s  dl  s  ea  s  e :  Inflammatloii  of : 
ACUTE  AN1>   SUBACUTE   PAaENCHYMATOUS-  .4fcrN 
^_  Ant.    t.;      Apis;      Apoc;      Ar^.,      Auf.    mur,;     BeU  . 

^^b  Bffrt.   t'.p'     Can.   s.:     Cantk.;     CheK;     Colch,;     Con  v.; 

^^H  Citpf,   or*,;     Dig.;     Dulc:     Etip.    perf.;     Ferr    iod., 

^^H  Glon.;      HeJUh.;     Hep.;     Hydrocot,;      Ind.^     JuniP- 

^H  Kali    btch,;     Kali  citr.;     Kali    chlDn;      Kal.;     I^Arri 

^^H  lymph.;   Lack,;    M^fcc;   M^hyl   H.,-    Nit.  ac-i   Pho*. 

^^H  ac;     Pkoit.;    Pichi;    Pier,  ac;    Plumb.  ac«:    Hbus  t; 

^^^  Sab.;    Samb.;    Sandal;    SciUa;    Sec;    Senec;    Tef*^. 

I  Ver.  a.j     Ver,  v.;    Z\nu* 

I  CAUSE— FroEEL  coldi  or  wel  ezpoiure:     Ac^i^n.;    Ant.  i  • 

I  Canth.:    Dwk.;    Rhus  t,;    Tertb. 

f  From  maUrla.—  A f  s . ;   E^v  V cH - ;    Temb, 

I  From  pregnaixcy  — ^-D^^    Ci*^t.  qt%.,    ^-^v.     Mtrc.  a 

m_  Sab.      Sec  ¥eTna\ft  ?.t7.na\  ^^i^*^* 

^       From  scarlet  te^cT,  4teTQ.^*i*\*-^^^^  ^    ^*^     »***^ 


URINARY    SYSTEM 


8J9 


(  Canik,:    Conv.;     Cop,;    Ferr.  iod.:     HeUeb.:    Kal.: 

Lach.;    Merc.c;   Methyl  bL;    Nat,  s.;    Rhu$t,;  Sec; 

Fr0m  »uppur*tiOiii— //fl#,.-    Plumb,  c-;    SU.;    Tereb. 
CONCOMITANTS— Dropfy:   Acon^:   Ant.  t.;   Apis,-  Ap&c; 
f         AfH.;     Aur.    mur. ;     Cup.;      Dig.;     Merc,    c^!      Piloc; 
Savnbr,     Si^itia;    Senec.      Sec  Droiisy  (Generalities). 
H«amallure  — Ca^eiw;    Die  t   Glon.j   Spun,;  Strop h.; 

Ver.  V. 
Pn  eumonla — C  h  el . :    P  h  os . 
,   trtomle    tymptomi— Am.    c^     Can,    ind.'     Curb.    Of,, 
i  Cic;     CM^f.  tirjt.;    HeHeb.;     Hyos,;     Mufph.;    Op+: 

I  Piloc.^    Stram.;    Urea. 

ffEPBEmS— Aotite:   Suppurativa:    Aeon.;    Arn.r   Bell,; 

II  Can.  a.;  Heklai  Hep.;  Kali  n.;  Merc,  c;  SiL; 
Ver.  V, 

IBBORIC,  nTTEESTITIAL  NBFHRITI8  — .4f«.;  .4  Mr. 
tiiiiiir.;  Cact.;  Colch.;  Con  v.;  htrr.  mmr.;  Glsn,,^ 
lod,;  Kali  iod,r  Lith.  benK^;  Lith,  c;  Afrrc.  r. / 
Merc,  el,;  A^if.  or.;  Nax  v.;  Op,;  Plumb,  c;  Plumb, 
iod.:  Plumbr  m.;  Sang.:  Zinc.  pier.  See  Arlerio- 
Sciero&is  (Circulatory  Sysleni). 

IHBONIC,  PABENCHYMATOUB  HEPEEITIS  -  Am. 
befiz,:  Apii;  Ar».;  Aur  mur.:  Bt^ni.  at.;  Berb.  v.; 
Brafhygir.  Calc.  are,;  Canth.;  Conv.;  Big,]  Eup, 
purp.;  EuoHym,;  F«ff.  awir,  Fctt,  crit.;  -F^frr.  mHr.i 
Ferr.  p.;  Form,  ac;  Glon.:  Helon.:  Hydroa,  ftc; 
Junip.;  Kalicit,;  Kaii  iod.;  Kali  m.;  KaL;  Lonic*: 
Lye;  Mfftc,  c;  Nat,  chlor,;  A'»V,  dc.  A^m*  v.; 
Oniscua;  Phos,  ac;  PHqh,;  Pier,  hc,;  Pihc:  Plumb,; 
Senec;     Solattia;     Solid,    v.;     Spart.;     Ttreb,;     Urea; 

•TOMS  -U££MIA;  Inffenertl:  Am.  ct  Ars.;  Can. 
ind-:  Canik,;  Curb,  ac;  Cic. ;  Cupr.  ac;  Cupr.  art,; 
Gionr,  HeJleb.;  Hydroc.  ac;  Hytjs.;  Morph.;  Op.! 
P  i!  uc . ;    S  t  ra.  OT . ;    Tffrwb. ;    U  rea ;     Vrr .  f. 

—  Am.   €.;     Bry.;     Carif.    df.;     Hell^b-;     Morph.; 
Op;    Vcr.  V, 
tvuUloni— Chloral;     Cic.t    Cupr-    ac;     Cwpr.   an.; 
Glon,;     Hydroc.     ac;     Ver.     v.     See     Convulsions 
t  Nervous  System). 

die— Am.;     C»rb.   ac;      Ghn.;     Hyper.;     5a'»ift,'5_ 
Zfric.  pwr.      Ses  Heitd. 
ting—Ars,i    Jod^i    Kreosp      See  StotnacVi, 


840 


REPERTORY 


S4il.i 


FYELITiS — Inflammation  of  pelvti;  Aeute:  Aeon.;   An.; 
Aur.t     BelL;    Bens,    ac;     Befb.   v.;     Bry.;     Can,  ».; 
Cati^ft.;     Cine?!.;      CMpr.    ar*.;      Ftrr.    mur.;     Hekla; 
Ngp.;    Kalibich;    Mere.c;    Ntt,  ac!    Puis,;    H^kk  t, 
Stigra^;    Ttrtb.:   Thuya;    Tritic^;     Vtfr  o. 
Caleuloits— Hj^ffraMg.;     Lye;     Pipamz.;    SiL     See  Ne- 
phrol it  hiflsis. 
GhrofilG — Ben 2.    ac;      Berb.    v.;      Bucft^,-      Cfttwafh,,- 
Cop.;    Hydrast.  mur;;    Hydrast,  s.;    Junip,;     Kali 
hich.;      OL    sant.;      Pareira;      Ptils.;      Sep:; 
Stigm.;     I/i/a*  •" ' 

mJUBlES  or— Aeon.;    Am.;    Bell,:    Ven  V. 
PAIN    IN    BENAX    EEOION— BunUng:      Acon.t 
Bsrb.    z',:     Catith.;      Hedeotna;      Htlon.;     KaW 
Lach.:    Lye;     F/jos,;    Sab.;    SuL;     Tereh.      See  Back 
CuttlnCi    digging,    Isorlng— Am,;      B^rb.    u.;      TdtilA.; 

Ipec  '    /->'r,;    Rhus  l.  .        ! 

Drawing,  tenslYe— a#r6,   i^.;     Can.  s.;     Canik.;    Chel  ; 

Coccus;    Colch^;    Dulci    Laeh.;    ^ye-7    Tefeb. 
NeuriilglCp  radfatlng  (nephralgia)  teartng,  Ian qfna ting 
—Arg.    n.;   Am.;    Betl.;    Berb.   v.;     Canth.;     Chel.; 
Chin,  s.]     CocciJieL:    CoscUi;    Diosc.!  Fen**  tnur/; 
H^deQfKa;    Hydrang.;   Lach,;    Lye.:   Kali  icnl.:   Nit, 
ac;     Nux  v.;     Qccintum;    Oxytr.;    Pareira;     Phos,; 
Sab«;    Sars.;    Scrophul.;    Solid,  v.;     Tab.;    Tereb. ; 
Thlaspi,      See  HcphroittliiEfcf^is. 
Preislng— Arg,  u.;    Am.:   Aur.  mun;    Berb.  v.;   Canth.: 
Cbin.s.;    Lye;    Nit.  ac;    Occinum;    Petrol,;    Phos. 
ac.;    Sgpr;    Tereb.;    Uva;    Xerophyl. 
EtXtthlD^—Berb.  v.;   Cantli,;    Colch.;     Kali  c;   Pareira. 
Thi-obtJing— Act.  sp.;    Berb.  v.:    Chimapb.;    Med,"    Sah, 
Wearlnesi,  aching,  lameneES  In — Accn.;   Alum.^  Apa; 
Arg.  «.;    Benfc*  ac^;     Serb,  if.;    Can.    ind.;    ^tf**|fi.; 
Chel.;      Cina;      Conv, ;       Enp,     putpr,      Hedeoma; 
Heian.;    Jump.;    Kali  bich.;    Nat.  ehlori;     H'ux  v.: 
OL  sant.;    Pkyt.;    Pier,  ac;    Sah.;    Sep.;    Stellar,; 
Us  til.;    Uva-    Vespa.      See  Back, 
MODALITIES     AGORAyATIONS ;   At  3  P.U.;    KaL 
From  lifting,  sudden  eflort  — Calc.  p. 
From.  iTlng  down — Con?, 

From  motion— ^tfr^.  tf.;    Canth.;    Cbd.;    Kali  lOd, 
JlromprcBiUre— Bfr6.  v,:   Canth.;    Coleh,;    Soiid,  p 
From  U  t  ting  —  Berb .  v , ;   ¥  etr .  toiaT , 
From  stooplBgt  lyii^  d^wxt-   l\eT>i.  n. 


UKIWART    SYSTEM 


V  va. 

ind. ; 

ChtpL. 

Lilh 

Picf, 

Hc; 

Sar^,, 

rrom  stretching  1«£e^    Cukb. 
rrom  wine-  Den?:,  ac. 
hi  iett  titie  —  IJedPonuT,    HyrltanK. 
FnaiX  r Igll t  sid<  —  A  m .   b  en  k.  ;    Can 
c:      i-vt.;     Occinum:      Phyt.; 

^LIOEATIOKS  — From  lyine  on  bacji:    Cahinoa, 
^Odai  lytne  on  back,  legs  drawn  up  — Cede h. 
'rom  standing     l^trb,  v. 
^om  urlna  tl  on —  Lye 

'rom  WAtklng —  Ferr,  iii  u  r.  "i  i  ■ J  ; 

ifSITITENESS,  tendemetB  of   -At:^on.!  Api^;    /7«r^j,   t»,/ 
I       Calc.    ars,:     Can^  s.:     Canth;     Hfilon, ;     3oiid,   t. 

Sec  Pain, 
CHILIS    OF— Kali  iud.;  Merc.  c.      See  M^b  Sexual  Kys- 

tem. 
B£KGULOSIS  OT—Au.    iod.;     JUp.;    Calc,    c;    Cak. 
byf>opb.;    fo/c.  ioii./    Chiu.  ar&  ;    Chin.  &.;     Hekla^ 
Kali  ir>d.^     Kreus.      See   TuberculijSfS    (Ryjipirattii'y 
System).  '> 

E^RBA — BttruUis,  tmartlng,  liea  t  in—  .4 1  :i  h  . ,     A  jii*  *  i 

*4rg.    H.;      £fsf&»    u*;     Cahinca:      Can.    ind.^      t^tlril'ilr.; 

Cap*.*     Clem.t     Cop.;     Gola.;      Hydrant,;     Merc,    c; 

Merc;      Mci,;      NitrU.    mur^    ac;     Oniscus;      P«tros.; 

Seien.:    Staph.;    Sul,^     T*reb.,*    Thuya;     Uran^;    Zing. 
lAnmclein^ — Can.s,-    F.ncat.:  Teucr.;    Thttya, 
ETHBITIB— Itiflammatlon  of;    j4c£fK,;    Apis-    Ara.  n.; 

Caw,  J.;  Caps,;    Cuwl^  ,-  Caust,;    Cap.;  Cub,;    Dotyph., 

Gshi;    Xalibich.;    Kill  iod.;    Nuxv.;    Petrol. :    Sab.; 

SuL;    Thuya^.     Sec  Male  Sexual  SyBlem. 
hl2ie    In^Alum.;     Ambra;      ^fj?.     ts.;    Camt^i     Gol^; 

i^^rf.    t£iif.;    Ferr.    m.;    Gins.;    Merc;    Me^.;    JVil.    ac.^ 

Ol.    an.;      Pareira;      Petrol.;      Petrcs,;     StiL:    Tlmyat 

ATUS— BumlQg  In:     .^t^H.,     Attibra:     Bur.-     Canik,; 

Caps.:    Clum.;    Gtls.;    Feirat,;    Sekn,;    5iijf.;    Zing« 
Eruption  aniund—  Caps. 

tching  In— Alum.;    Ambra;    CoL;    Gim*.;     Pitrat, 
fillers  a^round— Eueal. 
iWelUng  ol^Caw- *.;    Cawf/i.;    Cop.;    Cola,;    Merc;    UL 

sanl,;    Sul.      See  Urethritis. 
lemlir anouB  -prostatic  InYolv  emen  t — Sab  q1  , 
[N  IN  HRET SEA— Constricting;     Arg.  n.t'    Caji.  s., 

'mm,;    Ferr,  iod.;    QL  eaiH. 


§43 


REPERTORY 


Cutting  — Alum.'     Berb.  v.:    Nat.  m;    Onkcus. 
SoreneiSi  t«ad«riiesE»  Irritation— An ae,;    Agn-:     Atg 
ti.;    Herb,  v.;    llrachyK^;    Can.  s,;    Canih.:    Clem.; 
Cop.;    Cub.;     Ferr.   pier.;     Kali  m6..\    Ttififiil. 
gtltclllDgi    stlnfllis — Agar.;      Arg.    n.;     Apis;     As  par,; 
Berh,   v.;     Can,    ind,;     Can.   s.;     Garbo   v,;     Cl«m.; 
Merc;    Thaya^ 
BenilljUitF  dlminlahed-'K^li  br. 
STaiCTURE   or.  orfanle  —  Acuti.:    Am.;    Cantk;    Ciem,. 
EucaL:    Lob.  iiifl.;    Plios.;    Puis.;    Sil. 
Stricture,  »lJfl.$modlc—. 4 c:<3H,.-    BelL;    Camph.;   Canih.- 
Nux  V. 
UBINABY     FLOW    ANB     DESIBE— ConBtant     d«BlT«; 
Absttilh,;     Act?it.:     Ananth,;     Bclb;     Cact  ;     Can    w.; 
Cantk,:    Cpcciis;     Cop  :     Dig.;     Dulc.;     Equls,;     Eup. 
purp.;     Fiff.   mur.;     Kreoa.-     Lyssin;     Murex;     Op,; 
Pargira;     5a  bah     Sense:     Siaphr,-     Stdphon.^     Sul.; 
Tritic;    SinR-      Sec  Cystitis, 
CoiiKtaiit  after  I&bor — O  p  ^ :   Sta  ph . 
Gaastant  a t  nlffltt — D ii^' . ;    Sa bal . 
DIABETES     mSIFII>TrB--Capt(mi*      prQlUie»     polyuria 
dlureili^     ^4^^.   a^r.,-     Am.   acet.:     Apoc;     Arg.   m,, 
ArR,  mur*;    Ari,;    Aur.  mur,;     fiff//,;    Cahincat    Can. 
ind^;    Cina.;    Cod^;   Ccsnv.;    Dulc;    il«^,  purp,;   Ferr. 
mur.;    Ferr.  p.;    Geh.;    Glon.;    Helleb.;    Melon.;   /^».," 
Kaliac;    Kaliiod.;     Kali  n.;    Led.;    Lil.  t.;    Lith.  c.; 
Lye,;    Merc,  c>;    Alurex;    Nat.  m,;     A^tV*  oc,;    Ku^  v.; 
OjEyir.;    Phos.  ac;    Plat.  m.  n.t    Pulfi.;    Oua£.s.;    Rhm 
ar.;    Samb.;    Sang.;    Satiton. ;    Sars.;    ScUla;    Staph/, 
Straph,;    Sub;     Uran:    Ver.  v^      See  Diabetes. 
Cdplouir  at  night — Kaliiod.;    Lye,;   Petrol. ;    FkoM.  ac; 
Qua^s.-    Scilla. 
D Y BUB lA— Difficult,  slow* painful i   Aatn.;   Alum . ;  i4 pit. 
Air.  n.;    Am.;  Ars.;    Bell.;    Benz.  ac;    Catnph.;    Cent. 
ind.;  Can.   s.;  CaHth.;  Caiist. ;  Chimaph/;  Clem,;    Coc- 
cus; Can.;   Cop.;    Dir.;    Drilc.;    Epig.;    Equis.;    Eup. 
putp,;    Fahiana;    Ferr.  p.;    Hep^i   Hydrang,;    Hyper.; 
Hyos-;     Kreoa.;     Lye;     Merc,  c.;     M&rpk,;    Mur.  ac; 
Nat.  fM.,*    Nux  V.I     Oceimura;    Ol.  sant.;    Op.;     Pa- 
rtira;     Pichi:     Plumb.;     Pop.    tr.;     Puis.;     Rh^   t.r 
Sabal;      S  ant  an.;      Sa-ts.;      Selena;      Sep»;      Soiid.    v^; 
Staph.;    Stigm.;    Strych.;     Tritic.;    Uva;    Zinc.     S*e 
Scsj3ty. 
DiSteult,   must    Bttaln^- ^cott.;    AVum.;     Caxt.  ^^^..v 


URINARY   SYSTEM  84 3 

CJiimaph.;    Hyoi.;     Kreos.;    Lye;    Mag.  m.j    Nux 
v.;     Op.;     Papaya;      Faretra;     Prun.    &p.;     Sabali 
Zinc,      See  Bladder. 
tl^ded  itream — Anag. ;    Arg.  n. ;    Can.  h. 
Frequent  desl re— Agn.;    Alum.;   Apis;  Arg.  n.;  Aspar.; 
Aur.  mar,;     BdL;    Bews.  ac*;     Berb.  v,/    Bor.  ac; 

ICan^e,;  Canth^;  Caps.;  Caust.;  Ckimaph,;  Clem.; 
Coccus;  Cokk.i  Con  v.;  Dig.;  Equis.;  Ferr.  p.; 
jFtfff.  picT.;  Formica;  GelSn;  Helleb.;  Melon.: 
Hydrang.;  Ign.;  Jatropha;  KaU  c;  KaL;  Kreus. 
LiL  i.;  Lith.  c,;  Lye.;  Merc,  c;  Nux  v,;  Ocdmutn; 
01.  sant.;  Phoa.  ac;  Piloc;  Plumb,;  Prun.  up.; 
Puis.;  Sab.;  Sabal;  Samb.;  San  ton.;  Sars.; 
ScUta;  Sec.^  Sep.;  5iaph.;  S«l/;  Tritic;  Uva; 
VgBpti;  Zing. 
Frequent    at    nl^t — Aut.    mur,;     Calc.    c;      Vautt.; 

Coccus;     Con.;      Ferr,;      Graph.;      Kali   c;     Lye; 

^^        Murex;     Phi^^.  ac:     Pi*Is.;    Sang.;     Sars.;     Solan, 

^H        lye;    SvL;    Thuya;    XerophyL 

^^^ni>eFi.tlYe*  Irreilstlble,   iudden  deitre— .4pt>;    Arg. 

n,;  CaUn  s.;   Cantk.;  Carls.;   Ign.;   Krecis,;    Merc,    c; 
Merc;     Napb.;     Ol.    an.:     Pareira;     Petrds,;     Pop. 
tr. ;    Frun.  sp.;    Quass.;     Satiton.;    Suh 
Intennlttentr    Interrupted    fl<iw — Can.    tnd,^     Caps.; 
CUm^;      Con.;      Gels.;       Mag.    ^.'.      Puis.;      Sabal; 
Sedum;    Thuya- 
IHTOI-inrrABY— ^fg.    ».;    Am.;     Are.;    Bell.;     Cak.    c; 
Caunt.;     Ctna;      Dale;     Echin.;      Eqvis.;     Ferr.   m.; 
Gels.;      Hyos.;      Kali    br.;      Kreua.;      Op.;     Petrol, ; 
PuJi.;    Hfttt*.   an;     Rhus   t. ;   Ruta;    Sabal;   Saponin; 
Sars.;      StUn.;      Senega;      StL;      Solan,    lye,;     Uva; 
Xerophyl.      See  Bladder. 
InVOluntftTFi  At  nJght— Ars.;     BfflL;    Calc  c.;     Caatl.; 
Cirta;    Kali  br.;    Kreos.;     PnU.;    Rhus  t.;    Senega. 
Sip.;    Sib;    Sul.;    Uva.      See  Enuresis. 
iKYOlimtaTyt     when     eou£lLlnc»     meeslngr     w&llElne, 
laughing— Calc.  c;    Canth.;    Caps.;    Cauitt.;    Fcrr. 
^^1  m.;    Ferr.  inur. ;    Ferr.  p.^     jVdl.  m,;    PuU.;    Scilla; 

^^^        Selen.;    Vita,  op.:    Xeropbyl.;    Zinc. 
^^^I'fQluntary,  without  conioliiuineti  of — ^Apoc;     Arg, 
w.;   Cawst.;    Sar*. 
&ETEKTIOK  OF— (Ucliurla) :    A^on.;    Apis;    Apium  gr.; 
Afn.;     Ars,;      Bell.;     Camph.;     Can«    ind.;     Can.   s*; 
*ii.;     Chtmaph.;     Cop.v    "DuVcz. 


I 
I 


S44 


REPERTOfi.Y 


Op.;    Plumb. 


Phtmb,   m,i 


Zinc.     See 


HyoM.*   Iftii.;    Lye;    Morph*;     Nni  v.; 
m.;    Rhus  t.;    Sars.;    SUgm.;    Strycb. 
Fnjm  atony  of  fundua—  Tereb. 
Ffom    cold   or    wet  exposure — Aran.: 

Rhus  t. 
Tram  Irlglit — A  can ,  ,■    Op. 
From  hysteria — Igu.;    ^inc. 
rrom  overexertloii — Am. 
From  paralysis — Causi  ;     H ux   v. ;     Op . ; 

Strych. 
From  prostatic  hypertrophy —  Morplu; 

Male  Sexual  RystemK 
From  spannodlc   comlrlctloD   ol  necilc   of   bladder 
BtU.;     Cacl.;     Camph,;     Lye.-      Nf(x   v^;     Su^m.] 
Thlaspi. 
Fnun  sur^tCRl  operatioiiB — Cutiiit* 
SCAKTY   FLOW — Aeon.;    Adrm.;    Apis;    Apoc;     Arg.    fl.: 
Are.;     Aur.    miix.i     BtiU.;     Benx.    bc;    Btrb.  v.*   Bry^I 
Camph.;    Can.    b.;      Cantk.;     Carb.    ac;      Chimct^h.; 
Clem.;     Cokh.;    Coiiv.:     Cupr.   &i*,:      Dig,;     EquisM 
Eup.    purp.;      Helleb. ;     Junip.;      Kali    bich.:    Kali 
iad,;    Liih.   c. ;    Lye;    M^re.   e.;    Nit,   ae;    Nux    %* ; 
Op.;     Phos.;      Pihc.;     Plumb:     Pruji.    sp.;     Fuls,: 
5pii.;      Sai^.;      Seilla;      Senec;      Senega;    S^id^  v.; 
Stroph.;    Sulphon,;    TfreL;    Uva;    Zing. 
Scanty,   drop  hj   drop— .4c£?Mh,-     jlpt#,-     Am,;     Bell.; 
Canth.;      Cau^t,;      Clem.:      Cop.;      Dig,;      Bq^^. 
Inula;     Lye.;     Mtrc^  €.;     Merc;     Nux   v.;     Plumb,; 
Puh.;    Rhus  t.;    Sabal;    Staph,;    Sul. 
STaANOrURT — Aeon.;  Apii;   Apoc;  Ars.;    B9H.;  CGmph., 
Can,  5.;    Canik.;    C<ipi.;    Col.;    Cop.;    Dale;    Eryng.; 
Eup.  piiTp.;     Hydrang.  1    Juncus;    Junip.;    Junili.  T.« 
Lryc;     M*fc,  €.;    Morph.;     iVMJe  P.;    ParcirAT     P^tf^^: 
Prun.  sp.;     Sab.;     SeTinA;     Stigm.;     Tvreb.;     Tritit.; 

In  lemaleB— Apis;     Caps.;    Cop.;     Dig,;     Evfi.   pnrt: 

Sab. 
Nervous  type — Apis;     B9U.:    Caps.;     Eryng.;     Morpfi ; 
Petros. 
SUPPREBSION    OF    (anuria) — Aca»,i   Agar,    ph.i    Ap^*; 
Ars.;    Bry.;    Camph.;    Cantk.:    Cf>lch,;    Cmpr   Oi\ 
Dig.;    Formab;    helhh.;  junip.;     Kitii  bick^:    KiK 
eh  Jar,;  Lye;   Mfftc.c.i  t^Ai.wtA  OiL^den.;  Peirwl ; 
Phyt.;    Ptils.;   Sttfem/,    Suow  ;   Ttttb  i  %M^t, 


URINARY   SYSTEM 


845 


IKATION— COMFLAOfTS    BEFORE    ACT:    Anxiety 
agoHF:   A€on.;    Canth,;    PhoB.  ac. 
umlng— Ars.;    Btrb.  V,,'    Camph,;    C<tntk.:    Cochlear,; 

Ccjp.      See  Urethra. 
'iin^Acon.^    Berb.  v.:    Bor.;    Cantk.;    EHs.:    Kali  c; 
Lye;     Pildc;     RhnXr  ar.*    Sank,;    Sars.;    Senega; 
Sep*      See  Pain  (bladder,  kidneys,  urethra), 
ailPLAINTB  DUama  act ~ Bumlzig,  nni^Tttng :   Aeon. ; 
Am  bra;    Anag.;    Apis*    Apoc. ;    Arg.  n.;    .4ri.;    Bfrb, 
V,;    BoT-  ac;    Campb.;    Can.  ind,;    Can.  t.:    Canth.; 
Chimaph.t    Cop,:    Cub^:    Digf.;    Equis,,-    Rng,\    Eiip. 
purp.;     Helleb. ;     Kreos.;     Lye:     Merc,  c;     Nit.  ac,; 
Niix  v.;    Occinutn;    OL  sant.;    Pareira;    Puk.;    Rhue 
ar,;     Sep.;     Staph.;     SuL;      Ttrth.:     Thuya;      Uva; 
Vs$pa. 
emu — Ac&n.;   Sara.;   Sep. 
Mefttuii  agisliitiiuitloti  0f — AnaR. 
Mntui«  bumliie  tn  (Also  prepuce)— c ale.  c.;    CaUd.; 

G  ela , ;    Can .  e.;    P  ids .  \    Me  re.  c. 
Mefttuip  itdilug  tn— Ambra;   Cop, 
fhOSE  In  gemenil  — ,4i:on.;     Apis;     Arg.    n.;     Bor.    ac  ; 
Berb,  aq.;     iifrh,  v.;   Bl^tta  am.;   C&mph-;    Can.  k.; 
Cow/ft./     Caps.;     Chimaphr;      Col.;     DtR.;      Dorypb.; 
KqHtM,;     Erig.;     QTaph,;     Hedeoma;     Lith*  f,;    Lye*; 
Merc;     NU.   ae.;     Nux  v.;    Partita;   Petrol.;     Puis.;, 
Rhus  ar.;    Sab  at;    Sars.;   Sep, 
Guttlnc,  itlnglns*  EUtdOlag—Aam.;    ApU;    Herb,  nq*; 
Herb,   tt.;    Camph.;     Can.    s,;     Canth.;     Coiihlear.; 
Col,;    Nuxv.;     Pareira. 
Dn,winCr  radiating  to  UMm — Etipmn. 
Drawingi  radlatba^  to  perlnetma   -Lye; 
Omwtiig,  radiating  to  saorum,  cooeyx- 
Brmwin^r  radiating  lo  ttitXi^lea  —  Brtb. 

EriK. 
Drawing,  rmdla title  to  thlflhi  —  Berb.  v. 
PrflttlYft^Camph. ;    Cop.;    Lye;    Swp 
FrcBSlTe  In  heart^Lltb.  o. 
Spasmodic*  tOW»|-d  end  of  act—  Arg. 
iweatln^ — Merc.  c. 

COMPLAINTS  AFTEB  ACT     Bumlnc,   onartlnc:    Aeon. 

Apis;     Arg.  «.;     Bell.;      Berb.   v.;     Cam  ph.;     Can.   A.  I 

Catith.;   Capx.;   Chimaph.;    Cochlear*;    Cub,;    Krenfi*; 

Mag.  s.;    MfTc.  c;   Nat.  m.;    PhoR,  ad    PkW;    P\iUa 

^^^hus  t.;   S^neim:   Staph,;    S«l.,    T\\uVit,    U«<i. 


Sep, 
-Graphs 


Cahinca; 


Pareira. 


Bor,  ac.:   Pull. 


S46  REPERTORY 

Dribbliuif— .4fif.  H.;    Ca.tc.  e.;    Camph.;    Clam.;    Pareim; 

SeUn.;    Thuya;    Zing.      See  Bladder. 
Emliflonp  seminal — Calad.;    Fhos,  ac. 
ExhAUKtiOn— Ars  ,    Berb.  v. 
Hemorrlioias— Bar.  ac. 
Mea  tu  G »  burolDfi  tn — C  a  ins . :   P  uls . 
Meatus  and  urethra,  ttnirltog  In— Clem, ;    Thuya. 
PAINS  — AelilHSf  brui  i  ed :    Berb .  v. ;   E  q  u  Is . ;   SuL 

CuttlziC,  tearlsff,  sUtdiliic— ^^rb.  v.;    Campb.t    CapM.,* 

Cochlear.;    Cub.;     Mag.  s.;     Merc,  aeet-;     Nat,  m.; 

Nu3t  w,    Prun.  sp,;    SarsHp'     T^it^^a;    Uva* 
PrflMlve^  lii  perineum-   Am.  m.;   Lye. 
Bey  ere,  a  t  clo  se,  and  at  t  er  ac  t — Apis ;    B^rb.  v.^  Canik.; 

Echin.;      Equis,:      Med,;      Merc,    acet.^      Nut*    m,; 

Puis  ;    Rula;    Sats.;    Staph.;     Thuya. 
Spasmodic  -  Nm .  »i . ;   K  u  x  v . :    P  uls . 
Tenesmu  e  ^     urglnfp      1  tralnlns — Are.     n . ;       Cam  ph.; 

Chimaph.;      Equis.;      Nit*    ac;      Pichi;      Pop*    ir.; 

Puh.:    Rut  a;    Sabal;    Staph.:    Stigm.;    S^. 
Seniatlon^  as  If  urine  remained  behind — Alum.;  Btrh. 

v.;     Di^,;     Gels.;     Ihp.;      Kali  hichr.     Sec;     Sil.; 

Staph.;    Thuya, 
UBINE — TYPE:    Aeld:    Aeon,;    Bam,   ac;   Cantb,;   Chin. 
3.;    Lyc^;    Metcc;    Mur.  ac,;     Nit.  ac;    Nit.  mtir.  ac. ; 
Nuxv.;    Puis.;    Sars.;    Sep.;    SuL;     Uva.      See  Burn- 

ALBUMIinTSIA— Alliumlnous:  Adon,  v.;  Am.  hem 
Apis;  Ars.;  Aur.  raur. ;  Berb.  v.;  Canth.;  Carbn 
ac;  Cokk,;  Con  v.;  Cupr.  ac;  Cupr.  ars>;  Dig.; 
Equis.;  Euonym,;  Eup,  pnrp.;  FetT.  an-;  Firr* 
mur.;  Pormica;  Glon.;  Helleh.;  Helon.;  Kali 
chlor,:  Kai.;  hlth.  c;  Mere*  c;  ,  Nit.  ac  :  Occi' 
mum;  OL  isant.;  O^m,;  Phoa,  ac;  Phos.;  Plumb, 
c.i  Plumb,  m.;  Sab.;  Scilla;  Sec;  Solid-  v.; 
S  tro  ph.;  Terth. ;  U  ran. 
AUcaUne — Am.  c;  Benz.  ac :  Kali  acet.;  Mag.  p.; 
FhQSy  at.  See  Nephritis. 
HEMATURIA,  blood7 —  /Ipph.;   ATn,;Ar&.  hydrog.;    BclL; 

Berh.   v.;     Catrt.;     Ctiff.   s,;     Canih.^    Carb.  ac.;    Cina; 

Cinch.;   Ca^cHs;   Colch.;    Cop.;    Crot.;    Dulc;     Eqitis.; 

Erig.;     Ferr.  p.;     Ficcus;     GalL   ac;    Geran.;    Ham.; 

Ipac;    Kali  chloT.^     Lack.;    Lye,     Merc  c;    MilUf.; 

iVwf.    dt.;      Nu%   i*.;     OctVTi\\itn\    0\.  %ft.^\..%    ^iw^wa^; 

Pko9.;     Piehi;     Pier,  ac,    Ruto\j/.     ttHwiHT.;  ^^Ni,.'', 


URINARY    SYSTEM 


S47 


Sarn.i      Scilla;      Sec;      SfHvc;      Solid,     v.:     Siigra.; 

Twfeh.;     Thins  pi;    Uva. 
BumLnSi  iGAldlng,  hat — Aeon.,-    Apis;    BcIL;    Benz.ac.; 

Camph,,      Can,    s,;      CaHth.:     Coccus;     Con  v.;     Hep.: 

Kali    bicb.;     Kal.;     Lye;     Mere.   &.;    Nit.  ac;    Phos,; 

Pic  hi;    Pop,  tf.;    Sar*.;   SuL     Sec  Acid. 
Cold  feeling— Nit.  ac. 
Heavy  feeling— Thlaupi. 
OU7  pemcle  on— Adoti,   v.;     Crat.  L;     Hep.;    Lye:   iod.: 

PetroL;     Pkus.:    Sunibul. 
¥liCidt  gluey — CoL.     Pareira;     Phon.  ac.      Sec   Deiio&it. 
COLOS  AND  APFEABANGE— Black.  ln]£7:    Apu;    Am.; 

Bcna.    din.;      Benz.   ac;     Carb,    ac;     Cokh.:     Di^.; 

Heihh.;    Lach.;     Merc,  c;    Napli.;    Pareira;     T?r0h. 
Brown,    ^Xt^^Apis:     Apoc;      Arg.    n.;      Arn,;      Bell.; 

»Bem.  ac;  Bry-:  Cantk.;  CheL;  Chin,  s>:  Coccus; 
Colch^:  CtqIA  Big.:  Helleb.;  Kali  c-;  Lach-; 
Lyci  Nat.  chlor.;  Nf^,  ac:  Nux.  v.;  Phcjs,  ac; 
Phofi^;  Phyt,;  Pier-  ac^  Phinib.;  Pmn.  sp,; 
Rhus  L;  S4p.:  Staph.;  Sulphon.:  Ttreh. 
OlOlUIJi    turbid — Ambra;     Am.    c;     Apoc;      .4rg.    m.; 

IAfs.;  j^Mf-  mwr,,^  Bei^/,,-  Bcnz>  ac.;  Bprfr*  u-/ 
Camph. ;  Can.  s.;  Canth.;  Card,  m.;  CheJ.; 
Chimaph.;  Chin,  s.;  Cina;  Cohh.;  Col,;  Cop.; 
Crotp  t-;  Dapline;  J^i^-;  Dulc;  Graph.:  Helleb.; 
Helon.;  Hep.;  Kali  c,;  Lith.  c^,; 
ac. ;  Ocahn  «  m ;  Pe  trol , ;  P  hos ,  a  c ,  l 
Pul«.;  Rhust.;  5ar*.;  Stp.;  Sul. 
Zing. 
Frothy — Apis;    B#pt.  u-;    Cop.:    Crot*  t. ; 

Myr- 
Of«enlSh — Ars.;     Befh,  v.;    Camph. 
ac;     C^anoth.;     Chimaplir;     Cop.; 
H.;    Oh  ati.;    Santon,;    Uva* 
MlUiy— Cf»a;    Eup.  piirp.;    Lil,  t. 

Uva;     Vii^la  od. 
P^e*  ole&r,  Umpld — Aect.  ac;    Berb^ 

Pt,;    Cth.;   Ign-;   Nit.  ac;   Nux  v, 
^       Staph.  See  Polyuria. 
fink — Sulphon, 

Bedid&rk — Acoh.;    Apis;   Bell.;    Bry,;  Chd.;   Cupr^ac; 
Dig.;  Hep.;     Kali   bieh.;    Merc,  d.;    PetroK;    Phyl,; 
SeJeiT, 
MmL  nery,  hi^h  oolo  r«d — 4  c  0  m  . ;    A|»ii ;    K-^^%  .\   M*.  -a.  ^ 


Lye;    Nit.  mur. 

pkas;   Plumb,; 

;    Ter&b.;   Thuya; 

Cub.;    Lach.; 


Can«  ind. ; 
La  burn. 


Phos. 


v.;    Canst. 


Carb. 
Mag. 

Phos.; 

Cr&t. 
Phos.; 


U4B 


KttPBRTORY 


I  Anr  H     SfU;    BfffZv  Of.-    Berb.  v,;     Bry,;    C«inph  , 

I  Catitk.;    Curb*  R^r,     €he\r,     t'hinnaph^i     Copf.  ac,; 

I  Equis,:   Glon-:    Helkb.;    Hep,:    Kalibich..   /.i«*.  ^  .* 

f  Lye-    Merc,  d.;    Myr.;    Nit.  ac.;    Occimum;   Phyt.i._ 

Pidr.  ac;     Puis.;     Rhus   u;     Sab.:     Sdra.;    Selen  " 
Senec:    Sul,;    Tereb.;   Thuyas    Uva, 
Smoky — Ath*  ben».;     B^m*  ae.;     HeUeb»;      Ttf^fr,     S<«~ 

Bloody. 
TtkiOlc — Ananth.;     B*ra..   be,;    Camph.;     Coccus:    €vl4 
Con.;      Daphne;      Dulc*i     Htp*;     lod.;      Afire.  €.; 
Occimum;    Ph^v.;   Sep.;    Zingr. 
Yellow—  A bs  int h. ;   B elL ;   B erb .  v . ;   Card,  wr . ,    C^^^m oI«; 

Daphnes    lgu.i     KaL;    Occimum;    Op.t    Uva, 
YelloWp  darlE^Bry,;    Bo  v.;    Camph,;     CheL;    £\\^WfV  > 
Crot.  t,;    iod*;     Kali  p.;    Myr.;    Petrol.;     Fiet,  ai.. 
Pod, 
OD0B — F«tl4f  foul:     Am.  benZr;     Am.    c;     Apis;     Ars 
Aspar.;    Bapt.;     Bern,  as.;     tTa/c*  c^;    Camph,;    Ckt- 
I  Mfff^A.;     CnK;     Coi>v.;     Cupf.   ars.;     Daphne;     Dulc; 

I  Graph. t    Hydr,;    Indium;    Kali  bich.;     Lach,;    £j^.. 

Merc.;     Nit.  ac:    Ocoimum;    Pttrol.;    Phos.;    Puki;; 
Sep.;    Solid,  v.;    TropnooL;    Uran, 
Fish-like— UraTi.  M 

Garlicky — Cupr,  ars.  ^ 

Musk-like -- O  c  c  i  m  u  m . 
Pungent*   ammoni&c&l — Bow,;     Cahinca;     Cop.;     Dib  . 

A^tr  ac;     Fareira;    Petrol 
ShAtp,  Intensely  itTOD^—^Abtimlt.;  Am,  bcnss,;   Arg.  t>,: 
J?#«z.  cjc:.;     £?on;    Carbo  v.;    C/ttw,  a.;    EnK*;    Lye, 
Pier,  ac.i    Pin.  sylv.;    SuL;    Viola  od.;    Zingf. 
Sharp,  like  cat'i  UTiae— Cajup.;    Viola  tr. 
Bh&rp,  like  horde's  urine— Bfcns,  ac;    Nit.  ac  W 

Sour— Calc.  c;    Graph.;    Petrol.  ^ 

Sweet*   viola ceoui — Arg:.    m.;     Cci^.,-     Cub.;     Eucal 

Inula;    Junip,;    PrimuUs    Salol;     Ttfth. 

Valerian,  like— Mure x.  ■ 

SEDIMENT  —  TTFE  r    Ace  ton    <&£0tUt1ft);    Calc.     miiH 

Carb.  ac;    Gau^i,;    Euonyni.;    Senita,  S 

Bile— Ccanoth.;      ChwL;      Myr.;      Not.    s.;      Sup.     H 

Liver-  ^^H 

Blood "Ars.;      Berb.    v,;     Cact. ;      C^nth,;     Cutb.    ac : 

Colcb.;    Ham.;     Nit.  ac;    Pareira;     Ph&t^;    Tereb. 

Set  Bloody.  ^^ 

Ca^itS — Api^;     Ar$.{     Aur,    mur.;     BrachyuL;     C^ifiifl 


URT^ARV    SVSTEXl 


S49 


Uva.     See 


Stiff. 
Phoi.  o^.i 


Cart,   ac;     Chel.;     Croi  ;     Mtrc.    f.,     Nat.   chlor,; 

Phc9.:      Ficr.     ac  :       Pichi:       Plambr;      Sulphonti 

Terfh.     See  Nephritis.  " 

Dells,   debrli" Arj?.    n.;      .4fa!.,^     nflrffi,    v.:     BrachyuL: 

CfLct.;      Tantife.;     Corb.    ac;     ChoL;     Crot-i      Hep.; 

KaliLicln..-    Aferc.  f,;    Pbcm*;    Pier,  a c:*      See  Nephrt- 

tiE. 

CblorldeSr  diminished— CheL;   Col. 

Clileride^,  increaseil— Senna. 

CtLFlUTia  —  lod . :      Kali    bich.;       Phox.    tic.,' 

Milky  Urine. 
CoHee  sround-llke— DtK.;    Helleh,;    Tcrcb, 
riocculent*  flaky— i^ffrt.  r.;     Causl.;     Phffg.; 
Gelatinous*  gluey,  vlicld— Berb.  v.:    Ccl.,- 

Pills,      Stc  Mucous. 
H  ema  toporp(hyTiliurl&— Sul  p  h  on. ;   T  ri  o  n , 
Hemo«lol>lnurl».— .4r*.  kydr^g.;    Carb.  %c.i    Chin.  »r*.; 
Chin,  s.:    Ferr.  p.;    Kali  bich.;    KaliekUr,:   Phos.; 
PicT.  ae.;    SanLi?nt 
Indlcan — Pier,  ac 

LlthlG  acid,  uTlc  Add,  eraTel,  brick  dust— Ant.   n.; 

^^—        Am.;    Aipar,;    Baros^:    BelL;    Benx.  ac;    Sirb.  t'.; 

^^H        Calc.  ren.;   Canth.*  Caust.;   CheL;    C!tjH.«.;  CfifE:^.,' 

^^H        Cpccfit;    Col.;     Dig.;     Dioec;     HjPtf,;     Fcm   niur. ; 

^^B       Graph.;    HcdeQma;    Hydrang.:    Kali  c;    Kali  iod.; 

^^'^         L,Uh.  c^i    Lye*    Nat.  s.;      A^t*.  tur./    Nit.   mur.  ac; 

f  N«x   p.;     Ocofflwm;     Pareira^     Phu$-    ac;     Piclii; 

'  Plvttnb.   iod.;     Pub,;     Sars.:     Senna;     S^p,;     Solid. 

v.i    Stigm.*    Thlaifi;    Tritic.i 

Mucous,     Slime — Apoc. ;      Ars. ; 

^^^         Bar  OS.  I     BenZ.  ac;     Berb^  v.; 

^^1         Canth,;     Chitnapk.;    Chin,  s.; 

^^^        Epig,;   Equis.;    Hep.;    Hydrang. ;    Kati  bit^k.;  Lye,; 

^^1         Merc.  c. ;    Nit.  ac;    Nux  v.;     Parrira;    Pichij    Pop. 

*  tr.;     Puis.;    Sars.:    Senega;    Sep.;    Solid,  v.;     SiiL; 

Tritic;     C/ttJ.      See  Cystitts* 

Oxalates  (ozalurla)  —  Btrb,  t^;     Kali  ».;    Lysidin;    Nil, 

ae.;    Nit.  mur.  ac;    Ox.  ac;    Senna. 
Pbospliates   (pbospbaturla) — Arn.;     Bell.;     Bvuz.    ac; 
■j^        Calc.  p.;   Chel.;   Chm.  s.;    Helon.;    Pkos.  ae.;    Pier, 
^^P        df.;    Sctiiia;    SoUd.  v,;    Thlaspt. 

^^T'Tll*  (pyuria)  — /If #.;    Aspar.;    Saros.;    Ben»,  ac-;    Berb. 
v.;     C^ntb.;      Chimapk.;      tJu\e.;      Efii,.-     Vl^^&^\ 


Urt.     See  Calculi, 
Aspar.;     Bals.     per,; 
BrachygL;    Calc.  e.; 
Cina;     C«b.;    Duk.; 


Kali  bich*t     Lith.   c, ;     Lye,     Mirc* 


^\\.. 


8 so  REPERTORY 

Nux  v.;    Occimum;    Phos.;    Pichi;  Pop.  tr.;   Sars.; 

Sep.;   Sul.;   Thlaspi;   Tritic;     Uva. 
DIABETES — Sucftr:    Acet.  ac;    Adren.;    Am.  acet.;   Arg. 

m.;  Aristol.;  Arn.;   Ars.  hr.;  Ars.  iod.;   Ars.;  Aw.; 

Aur.   mur.;    Bor.   ac;  Bo  v.;   Carb.    ac;    Ceanoth.; 

Cham.'    Chel.;     Coca;    Cod.;    Colch.;    Cur.;    Eup. 

purp.;      Pel    tauri;      Fluor,    ac;      Glon.;     HelUb.; 

Helon.;    Iris;    Kali  acet.;    Kali  br.;    Kreos.;    Lad. 

ac;   Lycop.;   Lye;    Morph.;    Mosck.;   Murex;  Nat. 

m.;     Nat.  8.;    Nit.  ac;    Op.;    Pancreat.;    Phos.  ac; 

Phos.;    Phlorid.;    Plumb,  iod.;    Plumb.;    Rhus  ar.; 

Scilla;      Sil.;     Sizyg.;     Tar.;     Tereb.;       Uran   n.; 

Urea;   Vanad. 
Oattro-hepatic  origin — Ars.  iod.;   Ars.;   Bry.;   Calc.  c: 

Chel.;     Kreos.;     Lact.  ac;    Lept.;     Lye;     Nux  v.; 
Uran. 
Nenrout  origin— Ars.;   Aur.  mur.;   Calc  c;   Ign.;   Phos. 

ac;   Strych.  ars. 
Pancreatic  origin — Iris ;   Pancreat. 
WlthdebiUty— Acet.  ac;    Op. 
With  gouty  lymptosnt — Lact.  ac;    Nat.  s. 
With  impotency— Coca;    Mosch. 
With  rapid  course — Cur.;    Morph. 
With  ulceration — Sizyg. 


MALE  SEXUAL  SYSTEM 


LLE  SEXUAL   SYSTEM 


aUBO— Aeon.:    Apb;     BelL;    Bad,;    Calend.;    Catba  an^^' 
Ciirbo  v.;    Canst,;    Cinnab.;    Hap-i    Kati  M^t    Mtr^, 
f.   r.;    Merc,  pr.   r.;     Mtre,  j.;     Nit,  ac;     PhoB.  ac; 
Fhyf:    m.:    SuL;    Tare, 
Bubo,  chanei-oidil— Merc,  c;    Mtrc.  t.  r.,""   hUre.  9.;   SiU 
Bubo,  phagedenic— Ara.:    Graph.;     Kali  iod:    Lach.: 
Merc,  i.  r.;    Merc,  s.;     Nii.  ac.;    SU.;    Suh 
CHANCEOIO— Coral.;    Jat:ar.;    KtUi    bkh,;    Merc.   pr.  r.; 
A/^ft^.  J  ;     AfiV    uf,;    Thuya. 
Chancroid,     compllc&tioni    Cif— Ai^.;      Hekla;      Hep.; 
Lach,;    Sil.;   Sul.-   Tliuya. 
COITUS— ATerslOB  to^    Am.      See  Desire. 
Col  tUB,  f olio  wed  by  ba  ckiche  -  -  Co  « .  1 M  li .;    K  a)  i  c* 
Coitus,  follow ed  by  IfHtabUlty— St^kii. 
Coitus,  followed  hy  nausea,  vomlMzic— MuscK. 
Col tusi  followed  bj  prostration— CiHc^j.;     Dm.,      k'nii 

c.;    Kali  p.;    Thaspium.      See  Impulencc, 
Coltui,  followed  by  weak  vision— Kali  c. 
Coitus,  painful — Arg,  t\,    SaljaL     See  Impoteticcu 
COKDYLOMATA— Aur.  mur,;     Citt»ab,;    Kujihras,; 


Nit. 


Kali 
^itb,:    Bl:iph.; 


iod.;     Lye;    Merc;    Nat 
Thuya,      SceRyphiKs,  .v  ,v  ■ 

CONTUSIONS-  Of  genitals:   Am.;   Con. 
DEfllBE- Dlmlnlihedp   lost:     Agn.;     Arn.   n.;     Bar,   c; 
Caiad.;   Calc.  c.;   Cap*.;    Cow  .'   Ixti.;   Jiul,;    K^tli  br. ; 
Kali   c;     Nuph*;     Ono&m.;     Oxytr. ;     .Sii/iiji;    6«knt 
Sec  Impotence. 
Betire,  ImereAied  (erethism,  iatyruiii]-   Alum.;  Anto^ 
Bo%',;    Camph.;    CdW.  jwcf.;   Can.  ;>,;    Ctinth.,    Dvtc; 
Fluor,  ac;    Gim,;  Grapk.;    Hippcim.;    M^iM.i  KJkli 
br,:     Lach,;     Lyasin;     Mat^k,;     Nh»  i?,;     OL  »p,; 
Oituam.;      Orjg.;      P/io*,;      Ptcr,    tit.,       /Vai-;     Sab,; 
Sulix.    H,;     Strara.;      Tttt.    k.7     Tbatsipititii,      Uf^aii 
Zinc.  p. 

De«lrep«rver  ted— Plat.  

t>0gir0  ruppresMedf  ill  effects  from    Ci 


k. 


854  REPERTORY 

GENITALS— Buminc,  heat  Of:    Spong.;    Sil.     See  Gonor- 
rhcea 
Oenltalt,  itehlnc  of  (prurl tut)— Agar.;    Ambra;  Anac; 
Calad.;    Fagop.;    Rhiis  d.;     Rhus  t.;    Sul.;    Tar.  c. 
See  Skin. 
Oenltalt  relaxed,  flal>1i7>  eoUl,  weak — Absinth.;    Agn.; 
Calad.;      Caps.;      Cinch.;      Con.;      Diosc;      GtU.; 
Ham.;     Lye;     Nuph.;      Phos.    ac;     SeUn.;    Sul.; 
Uran.     See  Impotence. 
O0N0BBH(EA— (Speelfic    Urethrltlt) :     Bemedlet    m 
general:      Aeon.;     Agn.;     Apis;      Arg.    n.;     Barot.; 
Benz.  ac;    Camph.;    Can.  s.;    Canth.;    Caps.;   Clem.; 
Cop.;    Cuh.;    Dig.;    Doryph.;    Erig.;    Bucal.;    Buph- 
orb.    pil.;     Pabiana;     Perr.;      G^U.;     Hep.;     Hydr.; 
Ichth.;     Jacar.;     Kali  s.;     Kreos.;     Med.;     Msrc.  c; 
Merc.  pr.  r.;   M^rc.  ».;  Mere,  v.;  Methyl,  bl.;   Naph!; 
Nat.  s.;   Nit.  ac;   Nuxv.;    Ol.sant.;  Pareira;    Pttros.; 
Pichi;    Pin.  c;    Puh.;    Sabal;    Sab.;    Salix  n.;   Sep.; 
Sil.;    Stigm.;    Sul.;   Tereb.;    Thuya;   Tritic;    Tussil.: 
Zing. 
Acute,  Inflammatory  tttce — Aeon.;    Arg.  n.;    Can.  s.; 

Canth.;   Caps.;   Gels. 
Adenltlt,   lymphangitis— Aeon.;     Apis;     Bell.;    Hep.' 
Mere. 
CHOBDEE — Aeon.;      Agave;     Arg.     n.;     Bell.;      Camph. 
monohr,;     Can.   ind.;     Canth.';    Caps.;     Clem.;    Cop.; 
Gels.;    Jacar.;     Kalibr.;    Lupul.;    Merc;    Ol.  sant.; 
Pip.    m.;      Pier,     ac;      Salix    n.;     Tereb.;     Tussil.; 
Yohimb.;    Zinc 
Chronic,  lubacute  stage — Arg.  n.;    Can.  s.;   Cop.;  Cub.: 
Erig.;     Hep.;     Hydr.;      Kali  s.;     Merc,  c;    Merc.  i. 
r.;      Naph,;      Nat.    s.;     01.    sant.;     Pin.    c;     Puis.; 
Sabal;    Sil.;   Sul.     See  Gleet. 
Cowperltls— Aeon.;     Can.    s.;     Hep.;     Merc,  c;     Gels.: 

Petros.;    Pichi;    Sahal;   Sil.     See  Bladder. 
DISCHABOE— Acrid,    corroding:     Cop.;     Gels.;     Hydr.; 
Merc  c 
Bloody— Arg.  n.;    Canth.;   Cub.;    Merc,  c.;    Millef. 
Milky, glairy, mucous — Can.  ind.;  Can.  9.;  Cop.;  Hydr.; 

Kali  bich.;    Nat.  m.;    Petros.;    Puis.      See  Gleet. 
Muco-pulent,  yellowish-green — Agn.;  Alum.;  Arg.  h.; 
Baros.;     Can.  s.;    Canth.;    Caps.;    Cobalt.;    Cop.; 
Cub.;      Dig.;      Hep.;      Hydr.;      Jacar.;      Kali   *.. 
Merc,  c;    Merc,  s.;    Nat.  m.;     lifat.  ».;    Ol.  sant.; 


MALE    SEXt^AL    SYSTEM 


85s 


Sil.,     Su).;     Thuya;     Titsijil.;     Zrmu. 


f  See  Gleet. 

^  Waters  — Can.  «.,►    Fluor,  ac;    Mez.:    Milbf.;     A^tii.  w..^ 

^uL,    Thuya. 
Folll cull llfi— Ca pg . ;    Sep. 
GLEET — Abies    c;      Agn^i     Arg.     n.;     Calad.;     Can.    «.; 
t^flw/fe,,'    Caps,;    Chirnaph.;     C*«Hiifc,,'    Clem,;     Ckb.f 
Dory  ph.:     EHk:.;      liydt.,^      KaU    biph. ;      Kali    iort,: 
Kfl^«    i.;      Mkticu:      Med.;       Nit.    ac.,      Nux    v.;      OL 
aatti.:      Petros,-      Tip,    m.:       Puh.;     Sabal;      Sekn.; 
Scf?.;    Sil.;    Sid.;     Tknyd;    Zinc,  mur, 
Proitatlc  InTOlTement — Caps.;     Pareira;     Thuya.       Sets 

Prostatitis* 
Eheuma^tlsm^AcoTi,;     Arsr.    nr,     Clem.;     Cop,;     Daphnt; 
Guaiac;      lod.;      Iriitn;      Kali    iod.i     Med.;     Mtfc; 
Ph  yt , ;    Fvh .  ,*   Sa  rs . ;    Stil . ;    Tk  uya . 
airleture,  OrgMXlC— Aeon,;     Arg,   ».;     Calc.  iod.;    Canth,; 
Caps,;     Clem.*     Cop.;     Fiuor,   ac 
Merc.      pr.   r. ;    M^rc;      Ntix    v.; 
Puis.;    Sep.-    St7;    Sul.;     Thuya. 
Suppr«iiion,    ill    ellecU    of — Agn,; 
Kaliiod.;    Mid,:    t^at,  s,:    Puh.; 
IMPQTENGE^i4^K.;    Anac;     Afg.  n. 
I  c. ;      Calad.;     Calc,    c;     Camph.; 

I  Cpm<;     Damiana;      Diatc.;     GeU., 

I  Ibo.;    lod.;    Kali  br.;    K^U  iod.: 


,-    lod.;      Kdli   tod.; 
01.  »anL;    Paieira; 


t,i 


CUm.; 


Ant. 

,'    Am.;    Art.;    Bur/ll 
Chin,   s.;     Cinch. t' 
Graph.;     Hyper  t 


Phot,;   Pier,  ac;    Plumb,  m, 
Einc.      See  Spertuatorrhcica. 
BIAffTURB ATIOK — ni  ell«  c  l«  (rom :    ^1  w<i/r . ;    A  rm  1 
Calad.i     Caic.   c;     Cak.    p.;     Cinch.;     Dioiic^; 
Graph,.:     Kali  6r.;    Lye;     Nat,   m.;      ^m£  f^i' 
a£.-    Pier,  ae.:    Plat.;    Salix  n.;    Smphr,    Still 
Zine.  oxyd.;    Zinc.  nn. 
PENIS— aia&i:     EpltbellOStlA.    of:    Ari?.  n.;    AtM, 
Thuya. 
O&nxr^i^e  of  —  Canth.;    Laeh. 
Itdilng  of  — /U'tfii,;    A™,;    Catad.;   Bell.;    Com/A., 
Cincti.;     Cinnab*;     Coccus;     C^»,;     Cop.; 
CfoL  t.;    Graph.;    Haro,;    H#p,/    Ign.;    Kali  bkh. 
Lye;     KfMfCri     Nat.    m*;     Nujt    v.;      Puif,;     Sep. 
Staph,:    S«/..    Thuya;     Wo^d /p. 
FAIKi  Of— Bumlnc.  ior« :    Ar$.;   BelL;    Cam,*,;   Canih, 
Cap*.;  Cinch.;    Cinnixh*\   C<n>.\  CovA  Cc^tiili*%  ^ 
u;     G0U.;  iMii.;     Lye;    Mire,   e,;   U.%i.%    ^lik 


S«Uh.;  Staph,;  Strych.^ 


Dellis; 

SuL; 

Con*;  I 


I  Cnph., 
CoraL; 


es6 


KEPKRTOBV 


Htiplmr;     Hxrn   v.;     P^h'.     Rhus    l;     SeT>,:    5«i  , 

Thuy>J^    VWAa.  Ir, 
GUtttng,    BtltOlllZlC,    teart&g — Aani.;      Apm .      Afli-    »t  . 

Calarj.'      Can.    ^>:      Conih.;      Capat,;     Con*;     //rf., 

Lye;    Nap^^;    Nat,  m.;    Nil.  ac.'    Parcir^'    Papaya, 

Petrol.:     Phos.    ac:      Pkyt,;      Prum    sp,;     5afi., 

Stapli.:    SiiL 
PresslTe*    pinchlnir'— Cd^tiA.,-      Caj^,;      Gra|ih.;     K^iU 

bith.;     Nit.  ac.,*   Puis.;    Rhod. 
Throbbing— Coccus;   Ham,:    Nat*  m.i    Ntt,  ac. 
FuEtulei  on— ,^rs,    kydr.:     Cijccus;     B^p.;     KaJt    bicb,; 

£a^    AUd    fpoti    <m — Bfil.;      Biy.i     Calad.;     Cuti.    y.: 
Caust,;     riMMdft.;     Gels-:      Lach.t      Merci^    Nat,    m 
Petrol,;    /?fcMi  t.;    Sep.;    5m/.;    Thuya. 

Swollen^  fnfl&medp  el&ni — ^{r^n,/  ,4^fx;  Ar^.  n.i  Arn  . 
Ar^,;  Calad.;  Can.  s^;  Cantk.;  Crtpt  Cofali;  Cut%  , 
Dig*;  C^la.;  Ham.;  Jrf*rf.  c;  Nii.  as,:  Phtjas,  ac, 
^Atft  L*  Sars.;    Thuyti^     See  GDnorrhaja._ 

tnoeiBi  excoria-tloiis  OG — /^r*,.-    ^an.  s.;     Caiisl.:    Cul' 

Sep/;     Fftwja, 
PBEPTJOE-PABAFHIMOSIS,   PHIMOSIS    i  constrtctiMi 

of);  Aeon,;  4 pis;  Arri,^    iJell.;  Can,  s,;  C'aM//i.,    C»|te  , 

Dig.;     Euphras.;      Ham,;      Aftfrr.    «.;      ATijI,    oe.;     01. 

satil,;    Phos.  ac;    Z^Aiiu  ;,,'    Sab,;    Sul.;     Tknya, 
fierpeK  of — Carbo   v.;     Cau^t.;     Cfpf*  ^;    Graph.;    Htp, 

KUrc;     Mea:.;      A7-i(.    ac:     Petrol.;     Phm.  ac^:    J?*fw 

i.:    Sars.r    Thnyi\. 
BALANrrtS,   BALANO-P  OSTITIS     (IJiflainmatlazL 

AcQH.;     Apis;     Calad*;      6a«,    s.:      LaKih.;    C*  final 

Coccus;    Con,;    Crot-  t-;     Dig.;     Gels. ;    Ja^ar*;    Juyc 

Merc.   &.i  Nit.   ac:   0\.   saot.;    Rkn^  .it    SuL;    Thuyn. 

Viola  XT.  .1  .,  '  -.  •..;:        .   ^        i     ;  " 

Itcliliig     of— Ars,;       Canih.t       Caps,;      Cinnab.:      Con  , 

Graph.;      Igu.;     Lye;      M<rr.  jr.;    Nit.  act     N 

Puis*:    Rhus  i.;  SttL;   Thuya;    Zing, 
Fains    in— 4fo«;      BelL;      Brrb.    v,:     Calad,;     Can.   *  , 

Catith.:      Cinnab.;      Cogcub;      Coji>j       C<op.j     Corjil  * 

Ikti,;      Merc;      NiL    ac;      Nuk  v.;     K^imj  i.r    Si 

Sul;     T&«ya. 
Ulcers  on,  eKCori&Uons   -^r^.;     Cftn;  «.;     U&tisti    D 

tos.  £]c.;    Sep.;    TA«3^o* 


•41 


MALE    SEXUAL    SYSTEM  S^f.^ 

Ti.rloei  Of— Ham.;    Lnch.  '    '* 

Wfcrti,  cond7ttiiiu.to  of— Apis i    Cinnab^:    Hu^.r   Kr«o<i.;| 

Lye;     N&t.    m,;      jVi^    ac.;    Phoii.    ae  ;    Sab.;    Sefu; 

Staph.:    Iktiya. 
PBOSTATE     GLAND— A&ectlons     tn     generAlr      M&ts.\ 

s.:     Pamr&;     PhyL;     Pitr.    ac;     Pop.    %t.\     5afca/;j 
5ijJiif.  p.;    Staph.:    Sul.  itid.t    Tlftt><f, 
Congestion   ol  — /Iroh,;     /I/»j#;     Afn,;     Bell,',     d»*i#ft  ;] 
Cop;    Cub.;     Ferr.  p.:     llels.;    Kali  lin;    l^itli.C,;! 
OL  mm.:  Pyli^;  Sitbul. 
HYPEKXaOPHY  of — .4/^,^   Am.   m.\    Arg.    w;    Bafi  '^jl 
Bens,   ac*;     Cfw,;     Coti.;     Eup.    purp*;     Frtr*  pic^t,*] 
Gfh,:    Graph.;    Hep.:    HydtaHg.:    lod.-    Eali  bich.;  ^ 
Kali  br,;     Ly^^]     Fap.  tr.;    Puis.;    Rhiss  ar,;   S<ibal: 
SarsHi     5tffl*c-,'     Solid.    ^.,"     Staph.;     Sirf.;     TftrfcJitw., 
Thuya:   Thyr,:    Tritic,  ^h| 

r  B  0  ST  AT  ITI& — Inflammi  tlon  of :  A  cu  te  i  A  f  ^H;  r  'BHt\  /^H 
_  -^  Caatb.;  OtwuiJ^i,/  Colch, ;  Cop,;  Perr.  p.t  ^tfli.r^^f 
I^H  Hep.;  /oc^.;  Kali  br. ;  Kali  lod.;  Merc.  t.\  Mtrc,  d.; 
^V  Mwf^.!  NU.  ac;:  OK^ant.:  Pichi:  Pier,  aar  Pi*h.; 
f  Sab  ad.  t   Sabat;   Sden.;   Sil.;   Solid*  v-;   Staph.;  5W.; 

I  Thiiy<i;   Tritic.;     Vrr,  v.:    Vcstc.  " 

ObrOnic  — Alutn.;     Aur.;     Bar.    c;     BrachyMl.;     Calad.; 

Clemn;    Con,:    Fsrr.  pier,;    Hep,;    Hydrocot.;    lod,; 

^^r  Lye.:    MtTC.  c;    Mtrc.,*    Nii*  op,,-    Nuk  v.;     Pnh.; 

^B  Sabad.;    Sab&t:    Sfftftt.;    5#^.;    Sib;    Staph,:    Sul.; 

*  -•  '  Tht(ya.      See  Prrfltatitig. 

PEOBTOEBHOLA.  Weaiaieas  of  {dlieluirKe  durlnc  itool 

urln&tlon,  gtralnlng):  /Esi^r,  Agn:  Ahtm.:  Atiac.; 
Arg.  «.;  Ctkn.  w,;  Cktmaph.:  Cub,;  Erynir.l  Jump^t 
Kali  bich.;  Nuphar.;  Hax  v.t  Pk&».  Ar.;  PhcM.; 
Puis,;  Sabal:  S#J#if,,-  Sil*;  Swi.;  Tereb.:  Tbnya; 
Turntra.  ' .  -  i  ■  ,  ^ti  n.«1      :       .  j   Ji  r.J  ^--  .  '«^' 

FtTBICHAlB— 1.011  Of  r    Zinc, 

SCEOTUm — CtJicert  «plth6llonui  of:    Am.;    Thiira. 
Cold,  relaxed — Agn.;    Calad.;    Cak%  c;    Caf»».;    Oeli,^ 
Lye;    Merc;    PAei.  cic;    Sep.      Sec  ImptjieMeo. 
BC2EMA  OF — Crot^  t,;  Graph. i  Pcirul,;  TY^m.  atj,;    ^A«i  J 
HYDROCELE — Ed«mA  of:    Atupib;    Apift;    Ara.;     ^wrJ 
liry.;     Calad.;     Calc.   c.t     Gale,    ft,;     Canih.t    CJHelJ 
Cinch,;    Cun.;    DiR.;    Dutc;    f^fuph,:    Iffllletr,;    tod,; 
KaU  H*tf./    Merc,:     PhU',     Kkotl.:    U\\%»  1  .   ^^^^*'* 


858 


REPBRTORY 


Indurstloli  of— Calad*;    Rhus  t. 

tofl^lWlimtloii  of—  Apis;  Ars.^  Euphorb,;  Hain.;  Ver.  ¥. 

Itching  Ql^Amhra;  Garbo   v.;   Euphorb.;   Grapb.;  Hfp-, 

Nil.  ac,-    Nux  vr,    Sars,;  SiK;  Thuya.      See  Skin. 
BSMATOOELE,  &eute — Aeon.:   /Irtt,;  Con,;  Eng,   Ham. 
Kiix  V.1     Puis.;   Sill. 
Hematooelet  okronlc — tod.:    Katiiod.;    Sul. 
Nodules.  hard»  iuppuratixig— Nit.  »c.     See  Skin. 
tfumbneBS  of-    Ambra;    Am.  c:    Sep.     See  Itch inSt 
Pain   of  -Am.    c.-     Berb.     v.;      Clem,;      lod,;      Kali    c; 

.l/i^rc;    Nux  V*;    Thuya.,     See  Inflammation, 
prurigo  of — Ant.  c;     Aur. ;    Graph.;    Mur.    ae.i    Nat-  s.; 

.Vi'r.  at'.,    Nux  v.:    Rhm  i.;    Staph. 
Betr&ctlOD  of — Plumb. 
Bpotit  brown  on — Con. 
Sweat  of — BelL:    Caiad.;    Calc.  c;    Coral,  i     DioAc,;    Sep.i 

St{  :    SuL;    Thuya;    Uran* 
iwelUng     Ql—ApiM;       At«,|        B^IL;       Brora.;       Canth., 
Clem.:   Con.;    Ign.;    Nit.    ac,;    Puis,;    Rhus    d,;    Rhm 
t.      See  InHammation. 
VAKICOCELE— Ac&ft.;     Arn.;     J^^rr.    p.;     Ham.;     Lacb., 

Nux  v.;    Plumb.:     Pult.;    Ruta;    SuL 
SEMINAL   V£SlCtn.ITIfl— Acute:     Aeon.;      BmIL:    Cub,: 
F^Tf.p.;    Hep.;    Kali  br.;    Merc;    Phyt.;     P wit. ;   Sil; 
Ver.  V. 
Chronic ^ Ag n, ;    Arg.  n.;    Aur.;    Bar.  c;    Calad.;    dw. 
I,;     Clem.:     Ct)i**;     Citd.;     Hcp^;     iod.;     Kati    br; 
Lj'f,,    Merc;    Nux   v.;     Ox.  ac.f     Phot,  af.;    Phyt; 
Puis.:    5eUn.;    Sil.;    ^inc.      See  Prostatitis. 
SEXUAI.  EXCESS— 111  effecti  from:  A^ar;  Cimk.;  Con.^ 
Digitaline;    Geh.;    Kali  br.;    Kali  p,:     Nux  v.;    Pk&*^ 
ac;   PhoB.;    Samb.;    Stti.     See    Impotetice^    Sperran- 
torrhcta. 
SFEBMATIC  COBD— Fain  Inir^Leiml;   Anthem^    Arg.  n., 
Arundo;     Aur.;     BelL;     Barb,  v.;     Caic.   c*     CaHinca^ 
Can,  M. :   Ca ps , ;    Ch m.;   Cinch. ;   Co n . ;    Dioa c, :   if d m^; 
Indium;     Kali   c;     Aferc,  i.  r,;     Morph.;      NU.  tit  , 
Nux  v.;     Ol.   an.;     Osm-;     Ox.  ac;     Oxytr-;     Phyi^ 
Picn&c;    Puh.;  Sars.;   StH«€.:  Sihi  Sgn^ng.;  Sui*h.; 
S ul . ;    Thla i pi;    Thuya  ;    T ygs il ;    Ve r.  v . 
Dn^yriue—CahtHca:     Calc.    c;     Chm.;     Con.;      /fiiw  , 

Indium;    Ol.  an,;     Puis.;    Scnee.;    Staph. 
Neuralgic -Are-    n.;     Aur,;      BM.;      Btrb.    v.;     Ctetn 
Nit,  ac;    Nux  Vs;    Qx^.a£,:   Phyt  ;  Sp&ng. 


MALE    SEXUAL    SYSTEM  S59 

Swelling  of — Aiithcm,;    Can*  i.;    Cinch,:    Ham,;    Kali 

c-  Puts.:  SpaH%, 
TetidemeM  of — BeiL:  Merc.  i.  r.;  Ox.  ac.;  Phyt.: 
Spong.;  TuEsil. 
SPEBMATOBBHCEA— (B«Ximl  debility,  deficient  pbyi- 
ictkl  power,  noctum&l  poUutlcoii):  At^inth.;  Agn.; 
Anac.;  Arg.  m,;  Arg.  n.;  Am.:  Ars.;  Aur, ;  .^tiffMa; 
Bar.  c;  Calad.;  CqIc*  c.;  CatCr  p.;  Caraph.  monobr. ; 
Can.  ind*;  Ccnth^:  Carbon^  s.;  Chlorum;  Cim.: 
Cinch.:  Cobalt ^t  Coca^  Cocc;  Con.;  Cupn  m^; 
Dig.;  Digital.'  Diosc;  Eryng.;  Ferr.  br.;  Furmica; 
Gelt.;  Gins.;  Hyper*;  Iod>:  Iris:  Kalibr.;  Kalic; 
Kali  p.;  Ly^*;  Lysaiti;  Lupul,;  Med.;  Mosch.; 
Nat.  m.;  Nuphar;  JV«s  v.;  Onoim.;  Fhas.  ac; 
Phoa.;  PicT^  ac.;  Plumb,  phos.:  Sabal;  Salix  n,; 
SctiteL:  Swlrn,;  Sep.;  Staph.;  Strych.:  5uL;  Thuya: 
Titan.;  Turnera;  Upas;  Uran.;  U$til.:  Yohimb.; 
Zincr.  pier.;    Viola  tr. 

With  debiU^i  baokaoliei  w«kk  legi— Aur.:    Calc.  c; 

Caic.  p*i    Cinch.;    Cobalt.:    Ciipr*jn.:    Dip*;    DiosCr; 
Eryng.;     Formica;     Kali  c;    Med.;     Nat.   p.;     Nux 
v.;  Pkos.  as.;   Pier,  aCr;  Selen.;  Staph.;  Turn  era. 
Wlthdrrailiil  Kbienl— Ansc.;    Arg.  n.;    Hep,;    Nat- p.: 
Pict.  ac*     Ses^  Sleep. 
.       Wltb  dreunt  uaoroui — Ambra^     Calad.:     Can.   ind.; 
^^^        Cobalt.;     Nv%  v.;     Pkos.;    Sclen.:    Senec;    Us  til.: 
^^B         Vifjla  trn      >Se€  Sleepn 

With  «mliiloiii  bloody— CciHfb.;   Led.;    M^rc;   Petrol.; 

Sars, 
With  emlttiCKnt  dlumftti  it»liUn£  it  stool— Almn.; 
Canth.;   Cim.;    Cinch.;    Digital.;    Kalibr,;    Nuphsr; 
Phot.  Of.;  Phos. ;  Pier,  ac;   Selen.      See  Prostalor- 
rhosa. 
WlUi  e»iiiitoni,  premature— vlfTi.;     Bar.  c*;     Calad.; 

Calc.    c. ;     Cinch.;     Cobalt. ;     Con.;     Graph.;     Lye; 
01.  an*;    Onosm.;    Phos.  ac;    Seiffn.;    Titan, 
WlthimtsbllltF— /l«f.r   Calc.  c.;    Cim,;    Cinch.;    Kail 

br.;     Nux  v,;    Phos.;    Selen.;    Staph. 
With  rheumatic  pains — Gins. 
With  wasting  of  testes — lad.;    SabaL 
TPHltIt— Eemedlel  tBfemeral:    ^thiops;  Anac;   Ant. 
c*;     Art.;     Ats.   br. ;     Ar^.   iod.;     Ar».   m.;     Ars.  s,   fl.; 
Asaf.;    Amt.  ars.;     Aur.;    Aur.  m.  n,;    Bad.;     Bapti; 
Brrb*  aq.;    Calc,   S,;     Cahp.;    Carbo  aTi.\    VLa»T\if>  ^, 


S6o 


REPERTORY 


L 


Chin,     are,;      CinHab.;      Condur. ;      CoraL;      Coryd^; 
Flupf.ac^:   Francbca;  Gels.;  Graph.;  GuR\ac,;  Guaco; 
H^kla;    Hep^i    Hydrocot;    Fad.;  Kaiibich,;  KiUiiod,: 
KflJi  m.;     Krtos.;    Lach.;    Lonic.;     Lye:     Merc,  awr.; 
More,  br,:    M^e.  c.:   M«rc.  <!.;    M#rc,  f  f^.f  Mgrc.  s.  r,; 
Afvre.  nit^;    Mer^.  pt.  v.;    Mvre.  9^,-    Mercf.  tati,:    MeFC, 
I',;    Af*£,*     Nit.  ac*    Phos.  ac;    Phds.;    Fbyt,;    PlaL; 
Pffl/.   wr«r,r    Psor,;     Rhus  gl.:     Sars.;     Staph.;    S^/h; 
Sul.;    Syph;    Thuya. 
Abuse   of  mercury— /I *ir.;    Calop.T     Hwp,;     KbH   iod,; 
Nit.  ac;    Rhus  pi.;    SuL 
ADEKOPAH'HY— Bflrf,:    Graph.;  Hep.i    lo<}.;    Al^^rc.  t.  ^.; 
Afffff.  *,   r.;     Merc,  ar,    Phyt.      Se«  Glands  (Generali- 
ties). 
Alopecia^. 4 r*.;     Aur. :     Carbo    v.;     Cinnab.;     Fiupr.   nc; 
Graph*;     Hgp.;     Kali    lod.;     Lye;    Merti.  i.    fl.;    Nit, 
ac,;     F'hos.;    Sul.      See  Scalp, 
Bone    and    cartilage    leaiona— .4 ^af./     Aur,;    Carbo    v., 
Fhior,    Qc;     Hep.;      Kali  hich.i     KaU  *tfrf.;    L«eh.; 
Mesf,;    Nit,  ac:     Pfn?s.,'    Phyt,;    St7,;    Staph,;    Still.; 
Sill.      See  Dones  (Oeneralilics). 
Cachexia,     anMtnla     emaclatloii— ,4r*  r     Aitr.;     Catup,; 
Ctirlii)    an.;    Carbo    v.-     Fcrr,    znd.*    fcff.    lart..     Idd,i 
Merc,  Sars, 
CHANCRE  smd    Prttuary  leBloni— Avian th.;    Apis;    AW; 
Asaf.;      Cinnab.;     Corab;      Hqp.;      Kali     biph^:     Kaii 
fW,,"  Lye;  Merc,  c;    Aferc.   i.  ^.;  Merc.  i.  r.;  Merc,  s,; 
Merc^  v.;     .Vtr  of,,-    Phos,  ac, ;    Phos>^    SfliV    Stil. 
Chancre,  h^rd —  Kali  iod, ;    Merc,  i,  fl< ;    Mstg.  i.  r. 
Chancre,  can^reiiDUB — Are;  Lacb,  '  " 

Chan  ereg  pha^ed^^iic  ^  A  rs . ;    Cin  n  ub , ;    L  ach . ;    M  ere,  t, ; 

Nit.  ac;    .^il. 
Chaiicre,  soft— Mete,  s.;    Nit.  ac. 
CONDYLOMATA— C*»fia^.:    KiiK'^ioa.^    Ntfl,«.ff*Wtf-  flc; 

Sab.-    Stapli.;     Thuya, 
CONGENITAL,   Infantile — MihiapA;   Ars.   iod.;    Arg.   tn,; 
,4Mr,;     Ca^^.  tat/.;     Cora!.;     Kalt  idd.;    'Kr^e^:  Mere. 
d.:    Mwr^^  i.;    Merc,  y. ;    Nil,  qc:    Psor/;    Syph. 
Ezoatoses — ^Talc.    ^.;    Fluor,     ac?    Mekla;    Merc,    phosi.' 

Phos.  ^  Seo  Bones.  ....  i  r    ,       .  i   ,v 

Fw^r—Btjpt.;     Bry, ;     ChiH,   ».i-     GJtic*r,ij     Cels:  J    IStekf 
Phyt 
GUMMATA,    NODES— As ai,;    Aur.;    BcT'h,  &c\,\  CaU.  %., 
Csrbo     an.;      Condur,;       Coryd.;     Y\^iQ'c.    iit.%   A^^^A 


MALE    SEXUAL,    SYSTEM  86l 


K    Kali  bich.;       Kali    lod.;      Merc,      Me£.;      Mit-    &c.\ 
^    Phyi;   SJL     Staph.;    StilL;    Sul. 
I«&da.che  —  A' a li  iad.  t    Merc;    S tilL ;    Syph .     Sec  Hca d . 
fUGOUfl     PATOHEfl— ^sfl/..-       Aur.;     Calc.     fl.;     Calop.; 
CinnQb,;     Condur.;     Fluor,    ac;     Hap.;     lod. ;     Kali 
bich.;      Kali    iod.;      Kali    mr.      Mere.  £\;     Mete,  nil.; 
Mtrc.    pr,    r.;      A/^ff.    $.;       Nit.  oc.;     Phyt.;    Sang,; 
Staph,;    Still.;    Thnya. 
OnychlRi p&roiiychla — Ant.c.;  Ars.^   Graph.:    Kaliiod.; 

Aiareuries,      Sep  Whitlow  <Skin), 
Osena  — /l«f..     Kali  bich.;    StilL      See  Nose. 
Nervoui   leiianB— .^hoc;     Asaf. ;     Aur.;     lud.:      A'a/t 

jW,"    Lye;     ^^{Jrc.  nil,;  Merc,  phos.;     Phos. 
HoGtumal  p&lns  {osteoeoplc) — Asaf.;    Attr.:    Cinnab,; 
Ct^ryd,,    Fludr.  ac;    Hep.;     Kaliiod^;    LachnJ    Lye.;; 
.Iffrr,;    Met.:    Phos.i     PA>^;    Sare.;    Still. 
BheuiaAtlsjll— C^ttaidr.;       Hep.;       Hekla;       Kali     iod.s 
Merc;    Nit.  mur.  ac.;    Phyi.;    Still,      See  Ijoc.pmnlnr 
System- 
SEGONDABT  STAOE— Aiir,;   Bcrb.  aif.:  Calop,;   C"t*iita/^; 
Graph.;      Guaiac,;       Jfo<i,:        Kaii     hick,;       Kali     iari.; 
Lye:     Merc.    br. ;     Merc,   c;     Merc.  i.  /?.;    Merc.  i.  r.; 
Merc.  5.;     Merc,  v.;     Nit.   ac;    Phos,:    Phyt.;    Rhus 
eL;    Sars> 
BYPHILIDEa^BuUBB:    Rati  iqd.;    Syph. 

Eciematoui— ,4r*.r    Graph.;    Kreos.;    Mercs,:    Phyt.: 

5ar.»       See  Sktfi, 
F&pull&r — Catop.:    Kaliiod.;    Lach,;    Merc,  c.;    Merc.  i. 

r.:    Merc.  s. 
Pigmetitary— Calc.  s, :    Nit,  ac. 

pRoriailfi—Asaf.:  Graph.,-  KtiHbii^h.:  Nit.  ac;  Pluu'i. 
PUfltulmr — Ant.  t.;  Asal.r  Calap.;  Fluor,  ac,;  Hep.: 
I^fi.:  Kaii  bisk,:  Kali  iod.;  Lach.;  Merc^  n.; 
Merc;  Mck.;  Nit.  ac 
EOBeoln— Kali  iad.;  Mere,  c;  Meri^.  *.;  Pluis.:  Phyt, 
Rupl&-  A  Hi,;  B^rh.  aq.;  Kali  iod.;  Nit.  ac;  Phyt*;  Syph. 
Spoti,  copper  colored— Carta  an.;    Car  bo    v,;    Corat.; 

Kali  iod,;  Lye;  Merc.;  Nit,  ac;  SuU 
Bq^uamoui  —  Afs.  iod.;  ^r*.,^  Ar».  ».  ft.;  Bor.;  Ginnab.: 
Fluor,  ac:  Merc  c;  Mere  fl.:  Mere.  pr.  rv  Merc 
flit.;  Merc  a.;  Merc  tan»;  Nit,  ac;  Phot.;  Phyl.: 
San.;  Sul. 
Tulierinilu-— Ars.:  Aur.;  Carbo  an,:  Fluor,  ac:  Hy- 
drocot.;     Kati  iod.,*    Merc.  t.  r.;    Still.  ' 


k 


B6^  REPERTORY 

UlGeratif^m — -Afs.;     AMaf.;     Aur.s     Aut.    Htur,,'    Carbri 
v.;      Cinnab.:     Cistus;     Condur.;      CoraL;     Fiut^r. 
€ic.;    Graph. ^    Hep.;    lod.;     Koli  hick.;    Kali  lod 
Lach.:     Lye;     Mwrc\  c;    Merc,  cy.;     Merc.  pr.  r> 
Merc,  s.;    Merc,  v.:    Mok.:     Nil.  ac;    Staph.:   StiD 
StjI.;     Thuya,     Sec  Mucous ► 
¥esloulaf  —  Ctniiah.:    Merc,  c;    Merc,  i,  r^:    Thuya, 
TEETIAXT  STAGE— 4flr.;  Carbo  v.:  Flu&r.  ac.:  Grar*b,; 
Guaiac;       lod.;        Kali     bieh,;        Kati     iad.;     Lye  ; 
Mercuries;      Me^.;       JVtf.     ae^:      Phos.     ac;      Phm , 
Phyt  :    Psor  :    Staph.;    SuL 
Tlii^o^t    tymptoms— Bor,;      Cinnab.;     Fluor,    ac;    Kal- 

Merc,  c:    Nit,  ac.j    Phyi-^   Stilt 
Vliceral   iTmptomi — Ars.   iod. :     Ars.;     Am-,;    Ceanoih  , 
Hep.;      Kali  bich.;     Kali   iod^;    Merc,  atir.;    Merd-c; 
Merc.  i.  r.  ■     Merc  »,;    Merc,  tan.;     Nvx  v. 
TEBTtCLES— AbiGfiilot:    Hep:    Merc;    SiL 

Atropby  ol— Agn.;     .4fff.  «  ;    i4ifr.(^    Caps.;    Carbon  ii  ; 
Cereus  se-cl;    lod,;    Kali  br,;    Lyssin;    Rkod.^  Sabai 
ColdneEEof — Aj^n,;    Dfcut".;    Merc;   SiU     See  Impolencc 
Cyita  of — Apis;    Con.;     Graph.;    Sep.;    Sul. 
Hemla  of— Ars.;     £faf.    c;    Calc,    c;    Carbqv.;    Ot^p- 

Mera.;    Nil.  ac;    St;,;    Thuya. 
Byp9ttrG(J^y0t—B£ rb.tr;    Cinnab.;    Cun.;    HaM*.;  Iod  i 

A/ffZ.;    Stigm.      See  rtiflammatory. 
Induration   ol^  h&rd. — Aeon.:     ARn.:     >trg,    «.;     Am  ; 
j4iir.,'    i?or-  (T,;    BelL;    Br  am.:    Calc.  fl,:    Carbn  v  , 
Cltm.;    Con.;    Cap.:    lod,,-    Kali  c;    Merc;     PM - 
Plumb.;     Rhod.:     Sil.;     Spang.;     Sul.      See   Itiftafn 
ma  Hon. 
EFIDIDYMITI&     Inflammation    of    epldlA^^ioli — Acm  ; 
Apis;   Arg.   n,;    Z?W/.,    Can.   s.:    Cinch.;    Clem.;    Gelt.; 
Ham.;    Mffrc;    Phyt  ;    PuU  ;    Rhcd.;   Sobal;   Spong.; 
SuL;     Teucr.  scor, ;     Thuya. 
OBGHITia— Inflamm&tlon   of  Teitei:     Acute:      Aconi 
Ant.  t.;     Arg.  n,;     Beli.;    Brnin  ;     Cham,;    Chiti,  s  . 
C7etri,,'    Geb.;    Ham.;    Kalis,;    AUrc;    Nil.  acu;    Nils 
v.;    Phyt.;     PkI*.;    Rhod,;    Teucr.  scor,;    Ver*  v. 
Obronio — Agn,;     j4**r,.-     Ban   c;     Ca^,   tc>rf.;     Clnth.^ 
Clam.;     Con,;    Geb,;    //^p,;    Hyper.;     Iod*;     Kail 
iod.t   Lye;    Merc;    Nit    ac;    Phyt.;    PwU.;    Rhus 
t.;    SpoHg. 
Syphilitic— Aair,;     Kali  iod.;    Merc  i.  r. 
PAINS— In  gener&l^    Aeon.:   ^iL^\ 


^^^  n*;  Aur.,'  Bell.;  Serb,  v.;  BtQm.;  Cahinca;  Can, 
*.;  Caps.;  Cereusi  bon,;  Chain,:  Clsm.;  Con.; 
Eriod.;  Gins,;  Ham.;  Ign.:  lod.;  Kali  c.;  Lycop.; 
Lye;  Mer0.  i.  r. ;  Merc;  Nit.  ac;  Nux  v.;  Oif-ac; 
Oxytr,;     Papaya^     Pier,    ac;      PkI«.,'      Rhod.;     Sep^t 

Achlnff,  dras^lagi  relaxed—  Apis :   Aur, ;  Can .  s. ;   CUm.; 
Can.;      lud.;      Nux     v.:      Sp{>»g.;      Staph.;      SuL; 

Bruited,  cruihed,  iqueexed,  cdhtraotlTe  pain — Acon,^ 

Arg,   m.;     Ar^,    n,;     Aitr,;     Cham.;     Ctem,;     Con.; 

Gins.;     Ham,;    Kali  c;    Nit,  ac;    01.  an.;    Ox,  ac; 

Puis.;     Rhod.;    Sep.;    Spong.;    Staph. 
K«urAl|:lc  ( t est&lcla )  —  Arg .  n. ;    Aur.;    B ell . ;    Serb .  v. : 

Clem.;      CoL;     Euphr.;      Ham.;     Ign.;      Alag-    p,; 

Merc;    Nux  v.;    Ox.  ac^;    Oxytr/;    Puis,;    Ver,  v. 
BeHBltiV*,  iore,  ttinA^t— Aeon.;    Apk;     BglL;    Brom.; 

Chm.;     Con.;     Cop,;     Ham.;    Indium;     Merc,  i,   r; 

PhoB.  ac;    Puis.;    Spong.;    Staph. 
EETBAOTION  OF— Arg,   n.;  Aur.;  BelL;   Brom,;    Cinoh.; 

Clem.;    Euphr.;     OL    an.;    Nit,     ac;    Rhod.;     Zinc, 

TTTBEECITLOSIS  OF— -4ar,;    Merc;    Spong.;  Tevcr.   acot. 

Tub er outaxii  of,  ps eudo —Aur.;    Calc .  c , ;    Hep,;  Mwtc, 

i.  r.;    Sil.;    SpDitg.;    Sul. 
TumoTi  of  (■arcooele)^.4«r.;    roJc.  c,;    Clem.;    Merc 

i.    r,;      Puis.;      /?fro£i,.'      Sil,;     Sptmg.;     Tub.     See 

Hypertrophy. 
Swelling  of — Aeon.;     Agn,;     >l^ts;     Argn    m,;     Arg.  n,; 

Arti.;    Ars.;    Aur.;    EelL*    Brom.;  Carbov.;    Clem.; 

Con.;    Cop*;    Dig,;    Graph.;    Ham.;    lod*;    Kali  c; 

Mere,   r./     Merc;     Millef. ;     Occimum;     Phos,    ac*: 

Puis.;    Rhod.;    Spong.;    Staph,;    Tufesil.;      Vtr.  v.; 

Zinc      See  Inflammation. 


KfALB    SEXUAL    SYSTEM 


863 


FEMALE  SEXUAL  SYSTEM 


FEMALE   SEXUAL   SYSTEM 


DI 

i 


COITION— Fainting  during:    Mnnx:    Ong.;    Flat. 
Coition,  hemorrli&ce  after — Krcoa. 

Coition  painful — Are,  n.;    Bwrb.  v,;    Kneo«.;    l#yc.      Se« 
Vaji^inismiis. 
STERILITT— Conception,  dlMcUlt:    Agn.^    McXr,     5c^r.; 
Calc,    c-i     Can.    ind,;      Con.-     Eup.    purp.:      Graph.; 
Hdon  ;    Ind.;     Mat.  wi./    Nat.  p.;     Ptai. 
DESIBE  dlmlnlitked  or  lout— Agn.;    Am.  c.i     Serb,   v.i 
Graph.'     Haton.,     Onoxmrr    Plumb.;    Srp- 
l>«flre    l])cr«t.ied    (nymphom*iUm)"ATnbfa-       Atttr.; 
Bufo:    Calc.  c. ;    Calc.  p.;    Camph.:    CaHth.;    Cim*; 
Coca;     Dulc:     Ferrula:     Grat,;     Hyo*.:     K&U   br.: 
Kali  p.:    Lftch,^    LiL  t:    Mosch.;    Murtui    Nux  v.; 
Orig,;    Phos,;     Flat.;    Raph.;     Robin.;    Sab.:    SiT: 
Stram  :    Strych.;     Tar.  It,;    XwrophyL;    Zinc. 

Deilre  suppreiied,  HI  tffecU  from— Con. 

dONOEEBiEA — .4 con,;    AlumEti;    Apia;    Can.  r.;    Cantk.; 

Cop,;     Ciih.:    Kreos.;     Merc  c.;     M^rc.,'    Ol.  sant.; 

Petros.:      Fnli.;      Sep.:      SuL:      Thuya.      See    Leu- 

corrhcea.  Vajfinttis,  Vulvitis , 

LEtrCOBBHOEA— Bemedl«i  to  general:     Agar,;     Agn.; 

Alet,:     Alnus;      Alum,;    Ambra;     Am,    m.:     Arg.    n,; 

ArM.;    Aaaf.:    Aur.  mur. ;     Aur.  m.  ft,;    Baros^:    B^r^; 

Bov,;     Cati.  c;     Calc*   p.:     Canth.;    Caul.:     Cham.; 

Ciiuh.r      Cocc:      Con.:      Cop,;      Dicta  m,;       BucaL; 

Bupton:    Prax.  am.;    Graph.;    Gels.;     Hfl&n,;    Hep,, 

fiydr.;    Ign.;     lod.;      Kali  bich.;    Kali  m.]      Kali  j.; 

KrwPB.;     L»cb.:     Llh    i^*      Lye*;     Mag.    m.;     Mmwc; 

Murex:     Naja;     Nat.   m.;      Nai.  i.;    Nit.  ac*r    OriR^; 

Ova  t.:     Pallad.;     Pier,   bc:     Pj^f,;     Pulox;     Puit.; 

Sab  ► ;     SfCr ;     S*  p. ;     Sil . :     S  psran  th . ;     Stan  n.;     Sul,; 

Sul.  ac;     Thiaspi;     Thvya;    TiH»;     TnlL;     Vib.  op.: 

Xanth. 
TYPE  ANB  COLOR— Acrid,   corroding,  burning:    J^c 

Alumy;    Aral.;     An.;     Aur,;    Aur.  m\ir-v     fiat.;     Bo™.; 

Cmlc.  c:    CftJc.  iod.;    Carb.  ac.-;    CHam.;    Cqi^.;  ^«>v^ 
EucmL;     Perr.    br.:      Gropk,;     Gvvmo^     H-s^t.^    M 


I 


868  REPERTORY 

lod.;     Krtot.;    Lach.;    Lil.  t.;    Mtrc;    Nat.  m.;    NU. 
ac;    Phos.;    Puis.;    Sab.;    Sep.;    Sil.;    Sul.;    Sul.  ac; 
Thasp. 
Albumlnouf,    llimy,   mucoui — Agn.;     Alum.;    Ambra; 

Am.  m.;    Berb.  v.;    Bor.;    Bov.;    CaJc.  c;   Cole,  p.: 

Hematox.;   lod.;   Kalim.;    Kalis.;   Ma^.  c;   PuU.; 

Sul.  ac;     Thuya;    Tilia. 
Blaokidl— Ci'nc/t.;   Thlaspi. 
Bland — Eupion;   Prax.  am.;   Kalim.;    Puis. 
Bloody — Arg.  n.;    Bufo;    Cinch.;   Cocc;     Krtos.;   Mtrc. 

c;     Merc;     Murex;      Nit.    ac;      Nux    m.;     Sep.: 

Spiranth.;    Sul.  ac;    ThaUpi. 
Brown— Am.  m.;    Lil.  t.;    Nit.  ac;    Sec.;    Sep. 
Greenldl — Bov.;    Carbo  v.;      Kali  ».;     Lach.;     Merc; 

Murex;    Nat.  s.;     Nit.  ac;     Pulex;      Pule.;    Sep.; 

Thuya. 
Oushlng — Cocc;    Eupion;   Graph.;    Sep.     See  Profuse. 
Itching — Ambra;   Anac;    Calc.  iod.;   Carb.  ac;    Cinck., 

Hedeoma;     Kreot.;    Merc;    Sep.     See  Pruritus. 
Lumpy — Ant.  c;    Hydr.;    Psor. 
Milky,  white— Aur. ;    Bell.;    Bor.;    Calc  c;    Calc  iod.; 

Canth.;    Carbo  v.;    Con.;    Cop.;    Graph.;    Hematox: 

Iod.;    Kalim.;    Naja;    Ovat.;   Paraf.;    Pui*.;  Sep.: 

Sil.;    Stann.;    Sul. 
Ofleniive — Aral.;      Ars.;      Bufo;      Carh.     ac;      Eucal.: 

Guaco;     Melon.;    Hep.;     Kreos.;     Merc;     Nit.  ac; 

Nux    v.;      Psor.;     Pulex;     Robin.;      Sab.;      Sang.: 

Sanic;   Sec;   Sep.;   Thlaspi.. 
Palnlul— Sil. ;    Sul.      See  Concomitants. 
Painless — Puis. 
Profuse — Alum.;  Ambra;     Arg.  n.;     Are.;     Aur.;    Calc. 

c;     Caul.;      Con.;      Fluor,    ac;      Graph.;     Guaco: 

Hydr.;    Lach.;    Mag.  s.;    Merc;     Nat.  m.;     Ova  /.. 

Phos.;    Pulex;     Puis.;    Sep.;    Sil.;    Stann.;    Syph.; 

Thasp.;     Thuya;    Tilia;    Trill. 
Purulent,    staining    yellow — ^sc;      Agn.;      Alumen. 

Arg.  n.;    Ars.;   Aur.  mur.;    Bov.;   Can.  s.;   Ceanoth.: 

Cham.;     Cinch.;     Eupion;     Fagop.;     Hydr.;     Ign.: 
Kali  hich.;    Kali  s.;     Kreos.;    Lach.;     Merc;    Nat. 
s.;    Pulex;    Puis.;    Sep.;    Stann.;    Sul.;    Trill. 
Thick — Aur.;     Bov.;    Canth.;    Carbo  v.;     Hydr.;    lod.. 

Kali   m.;     Mag.   s.;     Murex;      Puis.;     Sab.;     Sep.; 

Thuya. 
Thin,   watery— Am.    c;      Ars.;     Bufo;     Cham.;     Frax 


FEMALE    SEXUAL    SYSTEM 


869 


Plat.; 


Con. 


^y    Am.;     Graph.:     Kali  *.;     Mwre.  c;     MerCn     Naja, 

Nit,  ac:    Puis.;    Sep.;    Sypk.;    Sul 

irisold*    itrlDgy,    tougii— ^sc;     Alum.i     Asar.;    Bo  v.; 

Ferr.   br. ;     Graph,,     Nydr^;      Kali  bick.;      Kali  m.,^ 

Nit.  ac.p     Pall.:    Phyt.;    Sab,;    Trill. 

(CCt7EB£N0£  AKD  MODAl.mEe— Alter  mexiieB  md 

between  periods :    Msc.,     Alum.;    B or. :     B ov . ;  Ca h . 

£.;      Cocc;     Con.;      Eupion;     Graph.;      Hydr,;      lod.; 

K  al . ;    KTtos . ;    Ma  g.  m . ;    Pnii . ;   Sab, :    5#  p.  *   Thlas  p  i ; 

Alter  Btool — Mas.  m. 

After  urliutiaii^ /tin.    m.;     Mag.    m.;     NiceoL: 

S«p^;   Sil. 
At  nlfflit— Ambra:    Caust.;    JfeT^rF.r    Nit.  nc. 
Before  menaee  — .4lw*ii  ;     Bor.;     Bov.;    Calc.  £,■ 

GrapA.;    Pier,  ac;    Puh  :    5gp,;    Thlaspi. 
Better  from  waaMn^  wttii  cokl  water— Alum- 
From  motion*  waUElitK— ^<?v.;     Carbo   an.;     Euphorb, 

piL,    Graph.:    Mag.  m.:   Tiba, 
From,  rest — Fagop. 

from  il  ttlns*  rel  I  ev  ed  l>y  waUElnff — Cact . :    Cecc ,  i  Cy  c) , 
From  tirlue,  contact  Of— Kriios.:   M§h.;  &ul> 
la  daytime— Alum. 
In  Infanti,  UttU  ^t\t—A$perula;     CaU.  c;     Can.  ».; 

Carb.  ac:    Can/.-    Ctwa,-    Cub.;    Hydr/.    Merc.  i.  fl,.: 

Merc;    Mitief.,*    Puli.;    Sep. 
In  old,  weali  womtJl— Ars. ;    Holon. :    Sec 
In  pregikant  women — Sep. 
Initead   of  meniei — Cocc:     Graph.:    lad.:     A'm*    m*,- 

Phos.;    Sep^;    Xanth. 
OHGOMrrANTS  ^Abdommal  p&ln,  colic  precedlnff  and 
attendtng;     Am,    m.;     Aral.     Ars.;     Bell,;     Calc     c: 
CQfi.;     Ham.;     Hematox;     Igti. ;     Mag.    m.;     Nat.    c, 
St  p.;    ShI.,     Syph. 

Backactie  and  weak  f  eeltns*  preceding  and  at  lending  ^ 

M$c.;    EupiQH;    Graph..;    H^lon.;    Kali  bich.;    Mag. 

s.;    Alur^x;    Nat.  chlor.;     Nat.  m  ;    Ova  t.;     P^tor.: 

Siann, 
Cerrlcal  erosion,  bleedlnif  eatllr— Alum,;  Altutt;    Arg, 

n.i    Hydr,:    Kali  bich. 
DeblUty*  WUMXktn— Ahi.;     Cak.    c;     Cauftt,;     Cace.: 

Con.,      Guaco;       Hftfin,,       Kreos, ;       Piior.;      Puis.; 

I— Pull, 


B7<> 


REP^ftTO&T 


C&k- 


fkos.. 


Sshd 


Fe«llii€>  &■  tl  warm  wmter  rutintng — Bor 

FeaLlUs  <it  tUlnesEt  he%%  relieved  by  coM  wat«T— Acr>Q 

S«!patl  c  der^ng  emen  t,  co  s  tiy  en  e  &s  —  H  y  d  r 

HemorrlLage*  obitUiater  int&nnlUciit— Kr«os. 

Hi B tory  0 1  alJO rtlon — C a uL ■   Sab.;   Sep. 

Mental  Bymptoms— Murex. 

? rurl tut  TUlvse — Agar.;    Alum.;    Ambra,-    Anac 

Ci     Fiisoi>,:    Ution.;    Kreos.;    Merc;    Smp- 
E.  el  ajtattO^  s  Ol  g  «nltal«  —  Ar  n . ;    Ca  uL  ;    Sec . 
Spa  anodic  cantractloo  of  TSffliia — Aur.  m,  n, 
Urlnarr  Irritation — Berb.  v.;    Erig, 
MAMMiE— AbSCCBB   Of;     Bry.;     Crot.     t,:     H#^.. 
Phyt  ;    .Si7.,    SuL      See  Mastitis. 
Atrophy  of — Chimaph-;    Con.;    lad.;    Kali  iod.: 
GAKGEK  OF — Arg*   n,:     At^.   lod.;     4r#.,'    A«<#rr, 

Bapt.;      Bar     lad.;      Bry.;      Cajc.    iod.;     Carho  a*, 
Cic.;      CDndur.;      Con.;      GaiUum-:     Gr^ph.;     Hydf., 
Kali    tod,;     KreDB.°      Lach.t      Fhos,;      PIu«k^.    id^. 
pBor*;       Sanjj.;      Scirrhin.;       SiL^       S«!, :      Tar     t 
Thuya.      See  Tumors. 
-Ganceri  bleeding ^ — Phot.:  Thuya. 
CallG«t    seirrllOUR — Ars. ,      Condur. ;      Cijn 
Scirrhiu*;    SiL 
Iniluia.tlaiDi    b&nlneBB    of — Alumen;      Ananth.. 
BelL,      Bry.\      Bufo;      Calc.    fl.;      Catha  an.; 
Can-:     Graph,;     lodr,     Kreos.;      La  pit    alb.i 
Phyt.:     Plumb,  iod.;     Plumb,  m. 
MAST ITIfl — Tnfl ammation   of;     Aeon.;     Ant,    t^:     Apii, 
Arn.;     BtlL;     Bry.-     Calc.  c;    Chain.;     CiEtiji;    C^^, 
Cfot*   t.;     GalcKa;     Graph,;     Htp.;     Lach.;     Lae  c. 
Merc:     Fheltand.;     Phos.;     Phyi.:     Pula.;    SiL:    Sul 
See  Pain,  Swelling, 
KIPPJ-ES— BUJUilig,  itcliliig  of:     Agar.;     A  run  do,     Art., 
Castor.;     Crot.  t.;     Lyt.,     Orig.;    Onosm. ;    SjL:    SmL 
Ol«okit  fliiurei,   ulceratlona^Ananth.;     Aro.;    An  . 
Ant.   niL,-     Calc.    ox. J      CastoK;     Condur.;     €0^1 
€rm.    t^:      Eup.    ar.,'     GaUium;      Geraji.;      Cf^f^* 
Ham.:      Hippo m,:      Nit,    ao,:      Phtlland.;     Phofi  . 
Phyt.;    Ratanh.;    Sep,;    Si!.;   SuL      See  Sorenai*. 
Inflamed,  tender  to  tmidh—Ckam.;   Helon.:    Phyt. 
Retraction  of — Carbo   an.:     Hydr.:     Nux   m.;    Sor* 

SiL 
aoraneas,  tendemesi  of — Am.;    Bor.:    Caknid.;   C^m. 
CfljfiJf,;    Cietus;    Can,;    Cfoi.  i,;    Enp.  nf.;    G*^t^ 


Hydv 
Cistu* 


^ 


FEMALE    SEXUAL    SYSTEiJ  Bfl' 


iitu,;     Helon-;    Hrp.;    Occimum;    Paraf.  j     PhtU,, 

bos.;     Pkyt.:    Ratank.;    Sang.r    SiL;    Zinc. 

r  BEEASTB  (niast<Ml7nl&)  — Apis;  Arg.  n.;  Ast^r.; 

,    Sul.;      BeiL:      Bry.;     Caic.    Cr;    Carbo  an.;    Chi- 

^b,;      Cim,*      Cqh.;      Cotyled^;      Croc;     Crift.    t,; 

p.;     Lact.    ac;     L&pis    alb;    Lepid.;     Med.;    MerC- 

jT^;       Xferc:      Murtx;      Onosm.i      Fallad,;       Phttl,; 

'hofl.:      /'/tr/.;      Plumb,    iod.;     Plumb,    m.;     Polyg.; 

'sor,;    5jnif.;    SiL;    Zinc. 

m  lafmmamnuiry— CVwi,,     Pm\b.,     Ran.  b.:    Rapb.; 

Zinc. 
IXIKO   OF       Ananth.;  Aaaf.;  Atitr,;  Aur.  suL-   Brir. 
I  el  lis;       Bry.,      Castor.;       Dulc;       Graph.-      Helon.; 
4erc,    per,;      Mgfc.:      Onosm.:      Psor,:      Solan,     el.; 
Urt,      See  Mastitis. 
jdemeSBr  eorenesE  of ^ Ark.   n.,     Aster^;    £W^.-    Br:;^., 
t   Cham.;     Con.;     Dulc;     Helonr;     Htp.;    lod.;    Lact., 
Mtd.;      Merc-      Onofim;       Phyt,;      Plumb.;     Syph. 
See  Pain. 
JMQMB,    UDdOSltlei    Qt—HtH;     Berb.     a.^.\     Calend.; 
Bfom.:      Calc,     c.      Calc.     fl.:     Calc     iod,;     Cham,; 
Chimaph.;      Cott.,-     Gnaph.:      Gmph.;     Nydr,;    lod.; 
Lye;     Mtrc.    L  fl,;     Afurex:     Phos.;      FhyL;    Piuntb 
icd.:     Pa  or.;      PuU.;      Sans.;      Sc^fe  tVrtM,;     Scrophul,; 
SiL;    Thyr.      See  Cancer^  Sv^dUng,  Inflammation, 
tnceratlon   of— Calend.;     Hep.;     Merc.^     Psjonia;     Phosi; 

UAflTUBSATION— In  chlMren*  dtie   fo  prurltUi  ¥UlTK: 

Calad.;     Orig.:    ZiTir;, 
BtENOFATJSE-  Cltmactenc    Period:      Chuiffe    of    life: 

Bemcdlei  Ln  generic! :    A  can,;    Auar.;    Alet,;    Amyi, 

AquiU;    Arjt.  n  :    BtlL;    Bor.  ac. ^    Cact.;    C*ic.  art.; 

Caps.;    Carbci  v.;     CauL;    Cim.:    Cocc;    Coff.;     Con.; 

Ferr.,    Gel».;    Ghn.;    Helon.;    tgn.;   JahtfT,;    Kali  br.; 

Kali  c;     Kftm.;    Lack.,     Mae-  c  :    Manein.;    Murtx; 

Nux  m.;    NuK  v,;    Oophor,;    Plumb.;     P«/#.*    Sdn^.; 

Stp.;   SuL;    Sul,  ac:    Thcr,;     L%»/.;    Val  ;    Vbcum.; 

Viper  a;    Zinc  vaL 
Anxiety  —  Acrm,;     AmyL 

Burning  in  vert  eat— Ldc:  A.;    Nust  v.;   Sang,;    SnL 
Congestloni  — fF/flrt.,    Sep.;    Sul.;     U$ti^. 
Fiin tln^  spelK  —  Fe rr . ;     Glon.;    Lack,;    N u n  m  :    Sf*l. , 

THIL 
FlOOdUig^^Aloe;      Arayl;      Apnq,;      Afg,    iii,;      Arg.     n., 


a 7a  kfiPERTORV 

Calc-   c:     Cap$.;     Cim^:    Fttr.;     Kali   br.^     Lach. . 
Nit.  «.c.E    Plumb.:    Sang.;   SMdumiei.*    Sep*;    TritL; 
UiiiL;    Vine  a.      See  Metrorrhagia. 
FluiWngS— ^C0«.;    Amyt:   Bel!.;    Bor.  ac;    Cim.;  Dig.: 
Ferr.;     Glan.:    Igft.;     J  a  bor. ;     Kali   br.;     Kali  c*; 
Lack.;    Nuxv.;     Phos,  acr,    Sangr;     Sedumi    ^*?-; 
Sill.;     SuL    ac:      5wmf?wl;      Tub.:      UniL;   Vinca: 
Zinc.  val. 
OIobuB  hystericus — Amyl:    Lack.;   Zinc.  vaL 
Head* che— .4 myj;   Cftct.:    Cim.;   Cinch.;    Ferr.:    GUn.; 

Lach.;    Sang.;   Sep- 
Eystorlcal  teiulencUs — fgn.;    Zinc,  v. 
Infra -mammary  paiHE  — Cim. 
Mental   depression   or    IrrltablUtf—Ctm.;     Kali   br.. 

LiJch.;    Manciti,;    Zinc.  v. 
Nervoua   erethism— Arg.    n.:     Cofif.:     Ign.i     Kali    br; 

Ther. ;    Zinc.  v. 
Falzti  In  Uterus— Agar. ;    Cim.;   Cocc:    Puis.;    Sep. 
Palpitation— .4 w^r-    Cak.ars.;    Ferr;    Kali  br.;    Lack.; 

Trill. 
Perspiration,   proIuso^BelL;     Hep.;     Jahsr,;     Lach.; 

Nux  v.;   Ssp.;    Tilia. 
Saliva  tion — Ja  bor. 

S exual  e^ci tem^it —  M % nc i n . ;    M  utex . 
Sinking  at  stomach — Cim.;    Hydroc.  ac,    ign. 
MEIiSTEUATION— TYPE:   AMEKOEEHtEA:    Eemediei 
In     general;     At^an.;     Alnus;     Apis;     Apoc;     Ars.; 
Bell.;    Calc.  c.;    Cim.;    Can.:    CycL;    Dulc;     Empkr: 
Ferr*  ars*:    Ferr.  red.;   Gels.;    Gion.;    Graph.;   HelTeb.. 
H0lon.-     Kali  c;      Kali  ptrm.;     Lil.    t.;     Mwfc.   ptT,, 
Nat.  m^r    Nux  v^;    Op-',     Pbos.  ac;     Plat.;     Plumb.; 
Polyg*;     Puis.;     Sec;    Stnec;     Sep.;     Spong.;     Sul.. 
Thvr.:    Xa*Uh, 
BelaFGd,   Or&t  menses — Calc.    p.;      Graph.:      Ki^ii  t., 

Kali  perm.;    Polyg. ;     Pi*ls,;    Sep,;    Sejiec. 
Delayedp    tardy    flow — Aeon,;      Cau^t.;      Cim.;      Can.: 
Ctipr.    m. ;      Duk.;      Enphras.;      F#rr.    cit.    itryck.; 
G*h.;   Glon.;    Graph.:    Helleb,;     Kali  c;    Kali  m,. 
Kali  p.:     Kali  s.;     Mag.   e.;     Nat.   fn^;     Nmf.  to.; 
Pulex;    Puh.;   Sabad.;    Settle.;   Stp.;  Sul.;  That  p.; 
Vol.;     Vib.  if  p.;    Zinc 
JiJtenilitteilt- Coccus;      Ferr.    m.;;      Krfa9.:      Lac    c. 
Mag,    a.;      M«H.;     Kux    v,",    Y\iKf^.\     PiAi.i  SaWA.. 
Sul. 


r 

FEMALE 

;    SEXUAL   SYSTEM 

873 

rr  egulK  r — A  m  bra  ^ 

GTaph.: 

lod.; 

PtfiCldlA 

;      Puh^; 

Sencc; 

Sop. 

'rotncted- 

--Acoii.: 

Calc.    s 

. ;      Caust. 

. :     Cffit, 

;     Crot,; 

Cttpr.  ffl 

1,;    Ferr.: 

Graph, 

'    Kreos.; 

:    Ly::.; 

Nu::!  m.; 

PhoE. 

tmntF  flow 

-^Atum.: 

Api£; 

Berb.     v 

.;   Bar.; 

Canth.; 

CauL; 

Cim.; 

Cocc; 

Con.;      Dulc;      EuphfUA^; 

Ferr.  ctt,  strych. 

;     Gfh..- 

Graph.; 

Ign.: 

/Cfl^t  c.; 

Kaii  p.; 

Kalis.; 

Lach.: 

Lamina; 

LiLt.; 

Mag.  c; 

iMgli.;    Merc,  per.;    Nat.  m.;     OL  an.;    Phos.;  Plat*; 

Puh,;    Sang,;    Sffnwe.;    Sep.;    5m/,;    VaL;      Vib.  op, 

Sec  DysmenorrhcEa. 

FPBESSED — Aeon.;     Apis;      Bell.;       Bry.;      CaU.     c; 

Chionanth.;      Cim.;      Con.;      Cupr, :      CycL;     Dude.; 

Gels,;       Glan.;      Graph.;      Helon. ;      Ign.:      Kali    c; 

Kali    fn.;     Lach.;      Nat.    m.;     Nux  m.;     O^.,-    Pod.; 

Puts.;   Sense:   Sul.;    Tana^.;   Tub,;    Ver,  v.;  Zmc. 

uppressedi  from  anemic  condltlona— Ars.  iod.;    Ar*.; 

Ferr.   ars.-     Ferr.  cii.   siryck.;     Ferr.  red,  r      Kali  c; 

Kali  perm.;    Kali  p,;    Nat.  m.;     Pwia, 
uppressed,   IroM   cold  water,    exposurep    cbUllns— 

Ac&n,;    Ant-  c.i    Ciiti.;    Con.;    Dulc;    Graph.;    Lae 

c. ;     Puis. 
uppreBKcd,  trom  fright,  vexation— .4  com;   Cim.;    Op. 
uppresBed,  from  transient  lo  call  zed  uterlno  con^ei^ 

tlon,  followed  hj  chrcjnlc  axxemlQ  itate — Sabnl, 
uppr eased  with  a&thma— f^pong 
yppr««sed  with   cerebral   Gonge&tlon— .4c:0r.;     Apifi; 

Beli.;    Bry,;    Calc,  c;    Cim.;    Gels.;    Ghn.;     Vrr.  v. 
uppressed,  with  congeBtton  to  che«t — Aeon, 
uppre^^edp  with  cramps  to  chest — Cupr,  m, 
suppressed,  with  fatntlng  Epells,  drowitneii — Kali   c. ; 

Nux  m. 
tuppreised,  with  jaundice — Chionanth. 
ruppressedp  witti  ophthalmia— Puis. 
luppressed*  with  pelvic  preBcurc.  ovarian 

—  Ant.  Cr 
fuppresaed,  with  pelvic  teneBmus— Pod. 
luppresaed,  with  rheumatic  pains— CI m. 
luppreviodp  with  vicarious  bleedings— Br j. 

Dig  ;    Erig.;     Ffft.;    Ham.;    !pec,;    Kali  c; 

Nat.   s.;      Pht^s.;      Pith  :     Sabad.;     Sang.; 

Sil.;    Trill,:    Us  til, 
iMENOEES<£A— BemediBB     in     ivneYalt 


tenderness 


Grot.; 
Lach,; 
Senec.; 


^^74 


R^BPERTOItY 


Aeon.;  Am  acet. ;  Apio  tinir;  Apis;  BmU,;  Bsf.. 
Bo  v.;  Brom.,  Bry.;  Cad.;  C»k.  c;  C»ivth,;  Cii^ 
toreuiii;  CauL^  Ckam^^'  Ctm.;  Cgcc. ;  Coff.;  CoIIiTH . 
Col.;  Croc;  Cupr.  m.;  Dulc;  Ferr,  p.;  Gth.;  Crloa.. 
Gnuph.;  Grp-ph-:  Guaia^.;  Ham.;  Helon.;  H^os 
Ign.;  Kali  ptrm,;  Lach,;  Lil>  t.;  M^^g.  c^',  Mag.  p. 
Merc;  Millei,;  Nux  v,;  Plat.;  Puis.;  Rktis  t 
Sang.;  San  ton.;  Sec;  Senec;  Sep.;  Stram,;  Ustil 
Vtr.  a.,-  Vib.  cf.j  A'awt^.;  Zinc. 
TTFE— -Irregular,  every  two  weekE*  or  so:  B&tr.;  Caic 
c*  Croc;  Ferr*  p*i  Helon^;  Mag.  s,;  Me^.;  MuttJ 
Nit.  ac;  Phos.  ac;  Phos.;  Phyt.;  Thlaspi;  TtUl 
Trresular— Am .  c . ;    Bell .  r    B  ry . ;    Ca  Ic .  c.  r   C»ul, ;  Cin. 

CycL;    Guaiac. ;    Inula;    Mag^sr.;     Mur«x:     Nst^^ 

A'tixtK^    Physost. ;     Puli.*   Sec;    S#ii*f.;    Srp.     See 

Amenorrhcea. 
IftMXlliTVlOUf— .4rf.;     Bell;     Bor,,-    Bfom,;    Bry.;    fflif 

acfi.;     Calc  c;     Collins*;     Hetjotr^;     Lac  c;    Maj 

p,;    Merc;    Sul.;    UstiL ;     Vih.  op, 
Non-otiEtmotlve,  from  ovarian  irritation—  .4  (hm;  ffiiffl 

Xanth. 

NoEL^listTuotlT'e,     from    uterine     irrltatlQii— nirTm. 

Coff.^    Nil.  ac;    Xanth, 
Premature— Lamina;    LiL  t,;    Mag.  p.:    OL  an.;    Pho* 

Xdnth,     See  Irregtilar. 
Rheumatic — Cim.;   Gtiaiac. 

UpasmodlCf   neuralgic— Aeon.;     Aj^ar,;      S*U.,     €i^' 
Chfiin.;    Cim.;   Coff . ;    Collins.;    Gmis.;    Gloo.^   M*B 
^  m.;    Mag.  p,;    Nuxv.;    Puh,;    Sab.;    5ianlor-:  Sk" 

f  Senec;    Sep.;     V«fi.  off.,'    Xnntk* 

SpasmodlCp   wltli   uterine    conffestlon — Aeon.:     M 
Collins.;    Ful?.;    Sab,;    Sep 
MKNOfiRHAGIA — (Profuse,  premature  Bow ) :  Beine<3l«i 
in  general  I     Agar.:     Alet,;     Alne;     Am  bra;     Ap- 
Athm  :   Arn^;    Ars.;    BelL;   Bm,;   Bo  v.;    Broin.,  Bn 
-  CaoI.;    Cixlc.  £.;    Calc,  p.;    Ca».  ind,;    Canth..    Ciwl 
Ceanoth.;    Cftam.;    Cim.;    Cinch.;    CinHam^;    CoHsn* 
CoL;    Cnre*;   Cyc\,\    Dig.;    Erig,^*    F#fT.  f.p    Ftrr  re*^ 
Gera n . ;    JTa tw .  /    Helo a. ;    Hy dr^ :    /^i?. ;    Kali  c ,  Jt iJ ' 
wf,,     Lach.;    Led.;     Lil.  t.;     Mag.  c.s     Me*.;    Mi/I^ 
MureJt;     Nit   dc.;     NttwV.:    Paraf.;    Phos    ac;    Phoi 
Phyt.;     Plat.;    Plumb.:    Ruta;    Sab.;    Stc^    ftedntP 
5#/t,;     Sil.;     Stann;     Sul,;     Tttlaspl;      Tri:/!.,'     Ufil 
Vitica;     Xanth 


If  tor  ntl» 


FEMALE    SEXUAL    SYSTEM  S75 


It  or  ntl  »cai-rl&ge,  par  turl  t  Icm  -— Apb;    Cim,;    Helon,^ 

Kali  c;     .ViV.  ar  ■    Sep.;     Sul.;      t/ilif.;    Vib.  op. 
Frotracted,  premature,  profuae— >1Jim;    Asar,:     B^IJ.; 

tCaic.  c;    Calc.  iod.:     Cinn^m.;     Ferr.   m.;     Flttor. 
wCi:     GratnT     Kreos.;     llilttf.;     Nax   v.:     On  asm.; 
Plat.;      Raph.;      Rhus    t, ;      Sab.;      Sec;      Tklnipi; 
TrilL;     Tub. 
9£  or BX^KETBUAL  BLOOD- Acrldt  corf i>dlnir:    Kali 

c;     Lach.;    Nat.  s.;     Rhjf.\  t.;    Sab.;    Sil. ;    5wi. 
Brlglit  red— Aeon,;    BeiL;    Brum.;    Calc.  p,;    Cittnam., 
Erig,;    Ferr,  p.:    /^c.;    Millcf.;    Sab.:    Trill.:   Ustil. 
Daian^ftable— Puis. 

jOagulated— Am.    m.;      BelL;      Bov.;      Cham.;      Clm.', 

CtMf/t.,    Cocc;    Coccfit;   Coff,;    Cr^r.;    CycL;    Jugl. 

jL    r.;     A"ai*  m.;    Mag.   m.t     Med.;     Mujrex;     Nux  v.; 

P      P/ot;.:    Plumb  T    i'ril*.;    Soft.;    Sul.;     Thlaapi;   Trill.; 

Oarfe,  blackiili— Apis;    Asar,;    Bo  v.;    Calc.  p.*    Canth.; 

I  Cham.;  Cim.;  CtWA.,  Cocc;  Co^gng;  Coff.; 
Croe.;  CycL;  Elaps;  Ham.;  Ign,;  Kali  tH,;  Kali 
n,;  Lach.;  LiL  t.:  Miff,  c;  Mag.  m.;  Mag,  p.; 
Nit.  ac;  Nux  v.;  Plat.;  Plutnb.;  P«lt..*  Sib.; 
Sec:  Thlawpi;  Trill.;  L^*(f^,;  Xanth. 
aot— Bell. 

lI«nil>ranouSr   ihreddy,   like  meat   waiihlngi--Brom,, 

CycL;   Ferr.  m.;    Nat.  c;     Nit.  ac.      See  Coaifulatod. 

JHenilve— Bff//,;    Carbo  v.;    Clm.;      K^H  c;    Kali  p- 

Lil    t.;     M0d.;     Pyr.;     Sob,;     Sang.;     Ste.;     SuL: 

Vib-  op. 

■ale^^fMm,;    Are,;    Cartao  v^,    Ferr,  tn^\    Graph,;    Katii 

C    Nat.  p.;     Ptd».      See  Watery.  •■* 

>artly  fluid,  partly  olnttcd—  Ftrr.;     Ham.;     Plumb,; 

Sah.;   Sec. 
fUcb*l|ke — Cact. ;     Cocc;     Croc;     Kali   mr.     Mag,   #.. 

Med,;    PlaL 
I trlngy.  glairy,  irtlfsid,  thlek — Arg,  n.;    Co«cu»;    Cr&e.; 
Kali  m.;    Laci:.;    Mag.c;    Mag.  p^;     Nit.  ae,;    Nuk 
m.;     PJaf.;    PuU,;    Sul  ;     TrilL;      U*L;    Xaotll. 
9?afery,    tbln — ^th.;      AlumcTi;      Eupion;      Ftrr     m  ; 
Grfssyp;    Kali  p.;    Nat.p.t    Sab,,     S*c. 

MFUimru,  PHECEDma  anb  attbnbihq  flow-- 

iAMomen  dliteind^:    Apoc  ;    Ar^ti.;    Ci-iicK.; 

m     fCsli  c.     See  Abdomen. 

Mam«a  core  —Ham.     See  AVi^a  n^cTi 


r 


576  RBPERTORV 

Abdomen  we  IgiLt  in — Aloe;    Kails.;    5ep. 

Anus  SOF^ — Mur.  ac.     See  Anus. 

Apb cni^-- Celt.;    Gra p h . 

Aitluo&tlc  seliurei  A.wilcen  her  from  sleep— C 

Axtllae,  itching  ol— Sang. 

Breasts,    tendei,    KwoUen — C&k,    c,     Catith.;     Co*.; 

Htioti,,     Kali   c;     Ldr  tr.;     Merc;     Mum:     Pkfi.i 

Puis.;    Sang. 
GhllUneftSf  coldBCES — Am.   c.;     Apis^    Ca^tc.  c:    Pl^t : 

Pm/s.;   Sec,;   Sil;     Vgf.a. 
COttstlpatiOBL^ATU.    c;      Collins.;      Graph,:      *V<Jt.   «.. 

NuTtv,;     Plwrnfr,;'    Sul* 
CiJiugh— Graph.;   Lac  c;    SwL 
01*rrh<Ba^ — AiUp    c.;     v4hi.    m.;      Bitt^;     Phos.;      Pub. 

Wfr  a* 
Epl s t axis ^ Sri",, ^    Dig.;    Gels,;    Nat,  5.;    Sal. 
Eruptions— BffIL;    BelUs;    Calc  c;    Cim^^-   Con.;    Dv^., 

Egg,  j.;     Graph.;     Kali  an,;    Psor.;    Satig.;    5iifi.j 

Sil.;    Thuya;    Ver.  a. 
EyeSp  blindness  of  &eiy  spoil — Cy  c^l. 
Eye*,  burning— Niccdi. 
Eyes,  diplopia— Gels. 
E^es*  ophthalmia — Puis, 
Face  fluslieil— Bff/i.;     Cale.    p.;      Ferr,     m.;      F#rf     f* 

Gels,;    Safig. 
Flualies  of  heat— Ferr.;    Glon.;    Sartg. 
Frenay — ^Acon, 
Oenlials.    senBltlve- Cocc.;      Lack.;      Kali    c.t      HaJ 

See  Vaeinismoii. 
Headache,  conges tlTe  symptomfl- Aster.-.    Bwtt.;  Clm.; 

Cocc;     CycL;     Ferr.   p.;     6V?.'     Kali   p.;     Kraot.; 

Puis  ;    5a Kg,;    5f^.;    Sul. ;      UstiL;    Xanth, 
Heart  pain,  palpi  tat  loo  *  etc. — Cact.;    Crot.;    Bup| 

tith.  c;   Spong. 
Hoarsenesi*  ootyaai  sweats— Graph. 
Hunger— Spong, 
HFSterlcal    symptomi — CauL;      Ctm.;      Gels,,      igni 

Irritability— 0 13  fji.;  Eupion:  Kreoa.:;  Mat?    mi  ^Vti 

Labia  burning— Calc.  c, 

Leu<iorrha&a  acrid- Sep. 

MaXlia,  Bcxual- DWf.;    Stram,;     Vcr.  a. 

Morning  Jlcknest,  nausea,  YontiUnc- 


r 


I'KMAJLE    SEXUAL    SYSTEM  877 


Cocff.:     Graph.;      tpec:     Ichth.;      Mcli,r      /VwJf    •-!; 
Puis.:    Sep. 
th  Bore — Phns. 

roui    disturbance,    restle&suesB — Aeon.:      Cham.; 

Citn.;    Krcos.;    Mag.  in.;    Mag^  p.:    Nit.  ac;    Pials.; 

Salix  n,;    Tnlh 

Ant  colloky,  l&bor-llke,  spasmodic — .4/^.;  Aloe:  Am 

c;     Apis;     BelL;     Bor.;      Bov.:     Brotn.;.     Calc.    c; 

CanL;     Cimr,-     Cinch,;     Cocc;     Cot,;     CycK;     Ferr, 

m.;     Ferr,  p+;     Gflff-:    Graph.;     Heloti.;     Htmaioie; 

Ign.;    Kali  c;    Lil,  t.;    Mag.  e.;    Mag.  m.;    Mag.  p,; 

.*        Med.:    Meli.;    Nit.  ac;    Nhxik,'    Plat,;    Pub,;    Sab.: 

/  Sec;    Sep.;      Ver^  a.:    Vcspa;      Vib.  Qp.;    Xanth^ 

Pain,   exteJullBg  dcwn  hips,  thlglis,    legs— .4tw.    ?«.; 

Bry.;     Castor.;     CauL;     Cim.;    CofT. :     Con,;     Gels.; 

Graph.:  Lilt.:  Nit.  ac;  Sep,;  Trill.;  Vib.  op:  X^nth. 

F&ln,  extendlns    to  baok  (saomm,  coc^^jx) — Am.  c: 

PAsar, ;    Bor. ;    Calc.  c;    Calc.  p.;   Cham.;  Cic:   Ctm.; 
CycL;     G*h.;    Hei&H.;      Kali  c;    Nit.  ac:     ^Vwr  v.; 
Phos  :    Plat.;     PnU.;    Sab,;    5ffp.;    Sponp.j    Xanth. 
Pain,  extending  to  cheit — Caul.;    Cim.;    Cupr.  m. 
Pa.ln,  extending  to  groin B — Bor.;    Canl.;    Kali  c;    Lll, 

t,:    Plat.;    Tanae.;      Usi4L  i 

Palni  eitendtne  to  llTcr— Phoa,  ac.  I 

Pl,ln,  extending  to  iwibfcs^ Alts ua:     Boy.;     Cycl.:     5o6.  '] 
P&ln,  extending  to  rcctiim — Aloe;    Xerophyl.  I 

Pain  In  ovaries— -4 />**;     Bry.;     Cact.;     Canth.;     Cim.; 

Ham,:    lod,;     Laeh.;     L4i.  t,;    Picf.  ac:    Salix  n.; 

Tar.  h.;    Thuya. 
PniTltUB — Calc  c;     Graph,;    Hep.;    Inula:    SiL 
SadneBB^Brom, ;     Cau!;t  ;     Cim.:     Ferrn;     /g«.;     Lyt, ; 

Phos.:    Plat.;     Pain.;   S«p.;   Vespa. 
SaUva  Won— Pule  X.  I 

SpaEmB — Anem,;    Bufo;    Calc,  s,;    Cim,;   Deb;    Myax.-     1 

Ign,;    Oenanthc;     Fiat  :    Tar,  h. 
Sore  tliroat — Canth, ;    Lac  c.  i    Mag.  c. 
Syncope  -' Mosck.;    Nux  m.;     Vwaf  v.;    Ver    a. 
Tinnitus — Ferr.;   Kr&os,  I 

TOfithmche — Art    c]    Calc  c,    U&g    l. 
trrlnary  BymptomB— ^Calc  p.:    Canth.;    Coccus;     GtU., 

Hyos.;    Mag.  p.;    Senec. 
Vertigo— Calc.  c  '  I 

Weakness^- /UtttM.,-    Aiu.  c-    Carbo  an,:     CoFt.;   Ferr.    i 

m.i  Htlon.;  Htmalox;   Igii.;    lod.;    Niopol/;    V>r.   a, '  J 


^78 


REFERIORY 


Am.  c, ,     Am.  m,;  An 
Cinch,;     CtfCfT.;    Ferr.: 


GOMFLAINTt  FDLI^OWINa  MBNEES^Dlarrhmft:   Fui^ 

Erethlsittj  tteuralgle  palni,  Insomnia— Cim. 
Erup  tlon — K  re<js . 

Headaohep  Itirobblzift  with  Ear«  e^es^Nat.  m. 
Hysterical  symptaiiis — Ferr. 

XteilCOl'fliCBa — ^'Ebc;     Alum.      See  LemcorrhDEa, 
PalDB  (Interznemstnial)  — ffr^'.;    Ham.;     lod.: 

5ep. 
FruHtUB — Con.:    Lye-.;     Tar.  h. 

W«akn«ia,  prDfouiul— ^^Jum., 
Cole,  s.;    Carbo  an.;    Cim.; 
Graph.;    Ipet.;     Kali 
Vine a. 
MODAI.ITI£a^A0llRAyATION:  At  nlsbt:    Am.  c.;  Ai 
HI.;     Hor,;    Coccus;    Mag,  c;    Zinc. 
During  flow— Ciwi.;    liam.;    Kreos.^     PuU. 
From  ezclteznent^Cak,  c,:.5hJ.,    Tiib. 
From  IflBg  down*  reit — .4w.  c.;   Am.  m.;    Bqv.;  Ca^ 
Caust.;     CycL;      Kt0O9,i     Lil.  t.^^     Mag,  c*;    Zint.^ 
From  mjQtloiL^ — Bov,;     Bry.;     Cad.;     Canth.;     Caifi* , 

Erig.;    Lil.  L;    Sab.;    Stc;   Trill* 
From  sleep — M&g,  c- 

III  morning,  daytime- -Dor.  L   Bov-;    Caugt^;    Carbo  an 
Cycl.;     PtiU.;    Sep. 
AMEI.I0BATION— From  eitabUsbmeflt  of  Jiow:    Aster 
Cereumox.;    CycL;    Eupaoni    Lack.;    Mrk,  p.;    SfH^r^i 
Zinc, 

From  motion ^ — Am,  rn.;    CycL;    Kreos,;    Mag.  c:   Sil 
NTDOTHOMACnA— Ambra;      A$ter.;     Calc.    p.;     Camphl 
Canih.;   Coc^i    Dulc^;    Ferrula  gl.:    Fl«or-  ac;    Gwot** 
Nyot.j     Kali    br. ;     Lach.;      Lil.    t. :      Mttrtx;     Orifi.; 
Pkoa.;      Plat.;     Raph.;      Robin.;     Stram.;      Stjrycb  , 
Tar,  h.;    Val,;    Ver,  a. 
OVABIES— Abscass    Ofl     Cinch.;     Hep.,      La,clu;       Um  . 
Phos.  ac:    SiL 
Atrophjr  of— /-It/.,    Oopbor.]    Orcliit. 
Complaints,    attending,    or   following*    ovarlotomr'^ 
Ara,;     BelL;     Bry.;    Cinch,;    Coff,;     Col.;    H^fi  ' 
Ipec, ;    Lye;    Nux  v. ;     Oopkof,;    Orchit-t    Siap 
€  cmges tton  of —  A  ca  n . ;    M^  d . ;    Am.br.;    A  pit;    Arg^  i 
BtlL;     Bry.;     Canth.:     Cim  ;     Col.r     Con..      Gd 
Ham.;     todj.;     LiL  t*;     Merc;     Naja;      A^ii*.   ckU 
Stp.;   Tar*  b  ;    Us  til.;     Vib,  op,     Sec  Infiamojatii 
CYSTBt  drop^  Qt'-Apia;    Apoc;    Am.;    i\r&  <     Aur 


FEMALE   dfiXUAL   SYSTEM 


^9 


AuT.   m.   n.;     Bell.;     Bov,;     CincJi.;    Cot.;    Con..    Ferr. 
iod, ;       Graph.;       lod.;        Kali     fer.;       Lach.:       Lye; 
OaphpT.;    Rhod,;    Zinc. 
Induration  of— Aur,    m.  n.;     (TiJK.;     Graph.;    ^ot^.;    Laeh.; 
Plat. 

0 YA&ITIS — InflMnmatton  ol :   Aoute:    >lr?n.r    Am.  br. ; 

^pij,       ryffi^.       Bry\;      Cact.;      Cantk.;      Cot.;      Coflt; 
Gtiaiac;     Hiim.:    tod.;    Lach.;     Merc,  c;     Phos.  ac»: 
Piat.;     /'m/s  ;    Sab.;    Tlniya;    Viacum. 
Acute,    wltb   perttoneal    la^olwemaLl—Btlt.;     Bry\: 

CoL;    Merc.  c. 
Ohmnle*  with  ipduratlon— rcff.,     Gr&pb.;    Itfd.;    Pal- 

lad.:    PUt.;    Sabah     Thuya. 
PAm  IN— Bonne:    Col. 

Burning--  .4 jsw;    ArJt  ;   Tiufo;    Cantk.;   Eupiont    F&gffp., 

LiL  i.:    Plat.;     t'jfiiL.'    Zinc,  v. 
Grunpy,  constrlotlTC— Caf*.,-    Naia. 
Cutting,    dArllngt    tearing— Absinth.;      Aeon,;      Apist 

Btlt.;  Ery..  Caps.;  Col.;  Croc;    Lit.  t.*    Nmj«.;    Pulfi. 
Outtlng,  extending  to  tlilgliBi  legs—  Bry. ;   Cim.;  Croc. : 

Lil.  t.;    Pho^,;    PoJ.;    Wyeth,;    Santh,;    Xinc.  v. 
Dull,  CODitUltl    Aur,;    br,,    I]ydr<»cot. 
Dull,  we4g«*Uk«  In  uterus— Lod. 
Ifeuralgle  CoyaralglA)-'Aiti.  br. ;    Ap4m:    Atrop,;    Bwli.; 

Bry.;     Cact.;    Can  tin;     Caul.;     dm.;     CcL:    Con. 

Ferr.;     Cttn^;     Graph.;     Ham.;     Kali    br.;      Lack., 

LIL    t. ;     Mag.    p.;     M.eli.;      Mete;      Naja;     Phyt* 

Plitt.;    Sabai;     Salix   p.;     Sumbul;     Stapk.;     Thea 
Usiil.;     Xanth.;     Z4n^,  VitL 
Neuralgic*  ialernxltteat—GuitMyf.;    Thanpium.-     Zhmr 
Stinging — Apiit,    Canth.;    LiL  t.;    Merc 
Throbbing  — Branca;     Cad.;    Hep. 
Fain,  In  left  ovary— Am.  br,;    Apis;     Arg.  m  ;    Cjips.; 

Carb,  ac.^     Cim.,'    CaL:    Erig.;    Eup.  purp.;     Pr&X- 

am.:     lod.;     Lack.;     Lil.   t.;     Naja;    Ov.   g.   pelh; 

PhoB.;    Pier,  ac;    Thaspium;   Thea;    Th%y&!  Ustil.; 

Vtrpa;    Wyeth.;     Xamh.;    Zinc. 
Fain,  In  right  ovary — Absinth,;    Apis;    BrancA;    Bry,.- 

Eypion;     Frkop:      Lye^r     lod.;      Palhd.:     Phyt.: 

Pod.;    Ustil. 
Pain*  with  aggravation,  from  deep  breathing— Bry 
Filn,  with  aggnLvatlOQp  from  walking,  ndlng,  reUtw^ed 

tiy  lying  down — Carb   ac;    Cote.;    ThuY»i\   tUtiV. 
Fmtiit  with  frequent  urlnatlom — V«&t^&. 


Mo  REPBRTORY 

Tmhu  with  tLUiEibn«ii,  shittUie  gaies  In  aicen^Lac  co* 

Ion— Pod. 
F&ln»  wltli  relief,  by  drawlnif  up  leg— Col, 
Fain,  with  restleEsneis,  can't  keep  s till  — Kali  br.;  Vib 

opri    Zinc. 

Pain,  wltti  sTmpatlietlc  beart  symptomi — Lf!l.  ^;  Nti« 
Swelling    of^j4m.    br,;      Brom,;      LqcK.;     Pallad.;    Tar. 

h-t    Ustil.      See  Congestion.  I niia^m motion. 
Tendemesfl  of,  to  toucti^ motion — Ant.  c;     Apix;   Bdl.. 
Bry.;      Canthn;      Carb^*    bti.;      Cim,;      Ham.'     lod. 
Lflf/i.;       LiL     t.;       P^fJl-      SabaU       Tpr,    fe.r     Thca 
Thuya. 
Traumatic  condltioni  of — Arn.^    Ham.:    Psor. 
Tmnori     txl—Apis;        Col.;       Graph.;        t^d.:       Kali     iff.. 

Lach.;    Oophor.:    Pod.i    Sec.      See  Cysts. 
PELVIC— Atosc ©Si ;    Apis:    Calc.  c;    //##■.,►    PalJad.;   5if 
FelTic  cellulitli^^ps>,-    Ars.;    Bell.;     Bf^y,,     Gslc,  c; 
Canth.;    Ciffl.;    Hep.;    Med,;    Merc.  L  r.-     ^fc*i  r, 
SiL;   Tereb,;     Ver.  v. 
Ffllvlo  bematooele — Apis:    Am.,    Ars.;    Cinch.:    Feir 
Ham.;    lyec;      Koii  i^^rf.;    Lach,:    Al^rc;     Millef 
Nit:,  ac  ;     f'hon,:     Sab.;    xScc;    .^ur,-    Tereb. 
FEEQHANOY  ANB  LABOK— ABOKTIOK :   Bemedlei  la 
general:    Aeon.;    Alet.;    Arn.i    CauL;   Cham,;    rim. 
CinnBin.;     Cinch*;     Cof!.;     Croc;      Helon.:      Kali  c, 
Nux  v.;    Op.K     PtitMis  lamb.:    Pyr.;    Rhus  t.:    Sabj_ 
Stc;    Thlaspi;    Trill.;      Vib.  op. 
Abortion*  from  deWltty—. 4 lirt.,-   Catil.;    Cinch.; 

Sec. 
From  fatty  degeneration  of  ptaoenta — PhoG. 
From  fright,  emo  tlons  —Aeon.;    Cham;     C  i  m . ; 
From  mental  depression*  shock,  watching,  low  ferei 

Bapt. 
From  ovartan  dUeaae— Apis, 

From  syphilitic  taint— Aur.;    Kaii  iod.;    Merc.  * . 
From  traumatism— A rn.;  Cinnain. 
With  pains,  from  small  of  baek,  to  pubes*  worse  rnmi 

motion  — Sab. 
With  palnfii  from  small  of  back  to  thight»  weak  back, 
pains  worse  from^  motion,  also  subsequent  debility 
Kali  c. 
With  pains,  from  small  of  back,  around  to  abdomeQ. 
ending  in  crampy,  squeeving,  bearing  down,  tear- 
ing down  thighi— Vib,  op. 


FEMALE    SEXUAL    SYSTEM  38 1 

alns.  lljtDf  acrois  abdomen,  aoubiing  her  up» 
Lllit  prl<i}£lii£  In  bre&sts,  p&lns  in  lolni — Cim. 
?alna,    IrreguLar,    feeble,    tonnentliiEr    ic»iit7 
w,  or  Ions  continued^  passive  oos!lii£,  tmckaehe 
BLknessi  Intenml  trembling^-  Caul 
stained  secimdlnec — Cinch. 
;ptlcemi3, — Pyr. 

l1  teiiden<;j  ta  abort — AUt.,  Apis;  Aur. ;  Calc. 
Catii.,^  Cim.;  Helon.;  Kali  c:  Kali  iod.: 
re.  c;  Merc;  Pul§.;  Sah.;  Sgc;  Sep.;  SiLi 
,.;  Vib.  op.;  V4b.  pt.;  Zinc. 
kl  at  seconii  or  third  month — Cim.;  Kali  c; 
^.;    Smc;   Vib,  op- 

Bii«d—  A  coft. ;      Am . ;      Ba  pt . ;      Cha nt .  ,*     Clti  eh .  i 
ff.;    Croc:    En  p.  purp,:     Ferr.  m.:    Melon.;    Op,: 
t.p*    Sffc.,^    TrilL;     Vi5.  op. 
[NTB     DUBIHQ     PREONAKiSY— Aoae :       ^#/f.. 

Sep.      See  Skin. 
nurla— ^4f^iji,      ^ra./     Aur.    mtifr;     Cttpr.    atM.: 
ton,;    Iridiymi    KaK;     Mtrc*  f.;    Sab.;    TKla«pi. 
I  Kidneys  (Urinary  System). 
be-^Kali  c     See  Locoraator  System. 
r  dlfturbanc »i,  teneimui  —  B^iL ;  Canth . ;  Tfl  u ti ; 
It.;    Nux  v.i    PoiJ.  ir.;     PuU.;    Staph. 
I,  painful,  InflaniTTiatorr — Belt,;    Bry. 
It  painful,  neuralgic— Cow.;    Puis. 
PfttlOU— Ahjjn.;    CoUin*.;    Nii*  v.    See  Abdomen 
Honf,  spasms— Amy  1:     Glon.;     Hyos.:     Ly^sin, 
^nths.     See  Nervous  Systcni. 

irAcon.;  Apoc;  BtlL;  Bry.;  Caust.;  Tpff*; 
fcal,;  DtOM.;  Glon.;  HyoA,;  Kali  hr.;  I  pec  5 
K  V. 

I,  tn  C«ly ei — C  ham.;    C^pt,;    N  w  X  V . ;     V#r.  0 . 
|t.  abnormal— >1  J ttiM.;    Calc.  c-    Carbo  v.;   5*^. 
I  Stfjinrtcli. 

pa— Phos.ac;    FuU^;    ScCk;    Sm^. 
la — Apoc;       Lye;       Nux     v.       S«e     Respiratory 
Item. 
ttia     ( heartburn,    aeidltyj- Calc,     c;      Caps,; 

llthM     Nv%  v.;     Pals.      See  Stomach. 
|-Hydr. 

''  r — Collins.^    Pod*      See   Abrtomon. 
— Cycl.     See  Stomach. 


SSa 


REPERTORY 


Ment&l  lymptosm*— Aeon.:    Ch&m.:     Cim-:    ?nU     S« 

Mind. 
MetrorrbACl&'-Sec.;    TrilL     Stie  Ulerus, 
Morning  ilcbBect  (iisu>«at  Tomltlti^)— Alet.i    Ami 

pfTs.-    Ant.  t.;     Apomotph.,-    Ar^.   n.^     ^.4rf,;    BfT- 
Cereum  ox.:    Cim,;    Core;   Coleh. :    Cu^urb.;   Cupr 
ac. ■     CycL;    Gnaph, ;     Go^syp.;    /^#c.;    Iris;    K»3i 
ni,T     KT^t>$.;    Laci,  ac.r    Mag.  c.;     Merc*;     JVi»«*- 
Petrol.;    Phos.;    Puis.:    Sep.:    Stapli-:    SyrapHor , 
Then     Sec  Stomach. 
HervouA  gensltlveoiesB,  ^ctrem.e--Ther. 
PlLln^  false  labor — CattL;    Chfjm.;    Cim.;     PuU^:  Sec 
Fain  In  the  abdomeni  as  II  stmSned,  left  side — Am.  m 
Pain  In  lumtmr  region,  dragging,  dlstresflful— An^ 

Bell.;  Kali  c;  Nuxv..  Puis.;  Rhus  t. 
Pain,  rheumatic^  A  con,  I  Alct.i  Cim.;  Op^ 
pruritus    YtilY®    et    vagln» — Ambraj     Bqt-;     Colai; 

Collins.;    Ichth.;    Tab.      See  Vulva., 
fiallTatlon — Ars.;     lod,:     Jabofr:     Kreos.;     Afwrt^  •«* 

Nat*  Tu.;    PjIoc*;^    Sul. 
Bexual  excitement— Plat. 

BleepleisnoBi — ^Acon.;    Coff.;    Nux  v.;    Puis.;    Siil> 
Too  thadii— Aeon.;     Ball.;      Caki     /!..-      Chain;     Coff 

Kt€os^:    jVfaf  c:   Sep.:    Sta^^K;    Tah 
YarlGDite  ^elna— Bellis;    Millef.;    Zinc. 
Weartnesa  In  limbs,  cannot  walk — BeUi&. 
PABT0KITIOK— LABOR:      C0NTTTI.SI0H8,    eelampfUr 
Aeon.:  Arn.^  BiiL;  Canth,;  Cham.:  Chloral;  Cic,;Co^ 
Cupr.  am.;     Cupr.   m,;     Glou.;     Hydroc.  at,;    Hyet. 
Ign.;     Ipec*:     OwKantkt:     Op.;     Spir«a;     Solaa.   «* 
Stram.;      Wr.  f. 
PAINS— False   labor  patns:    BelL;    Catil.;     Ctw.;    Gdl , 
Nus  v.;     Pula.:    Vib^  op. 

Slilttlngf  acrois  abdomen,  doubllnc  lier  up,  prlolcUi 

In  mammse — C  i  m . 
Shifting,    all   over,    exhausting,    fretful r    shlvertog- 

Caul. 
Shifting,  from  back  ta  rectum,  with  urging  to  stool 

or  urination — Nux  v. 
8hlf  ting,  f  roim  loin  s  down  1  egs  —  Al  ue ;    Bnfa;  CarW  r 

Nux  v. 
Shlf  ttng  upwards  ^Cham.;   G  els . 
Spasmodic,  Irregular,  intermittent,  Inellectual,  Si«l* 

ing— Arlem-:       Bell.;       Canlr'       Catist  ,       Cham, 


PSMALG    SEXUAL    3Y3TliM  Sft^  ' 

Chlorah     Cinch,:    Coff,;     Gtis.^    Kali  c. ;     NTat,   m,; 
Nyjt  V,'    Op.]     Fv!s.;    Sec* 
With   Ikjrper-Bensillveii^ia    to    ptAn—Caui.;     Caust.; 
Cham.:    Cim.:    Cinch.;    Coff.:     GtU.:    Hyos,;    Nux 
v.;    Piil». 
WltH  relief*  frmn  prettiire  la  li&ek— Caast.;    Kali  c. 
r LAG ENTA— Retained!    Am.,    C»Tith.;    Goss-yp.,    HydM« 

Ign,;     FhI^.:    Sab.;    5*^..     Vkcum, 
&IOJXI    08— Aeon.:     BH!^:     C^ul,:    Cham.;    Cim.;     (T*!*.; 

Lob.  in  11.;      l'*f.  1^. 
PDSEFESIUM  —  (LylnE-ln    period) :     AFTER      PAINS 
Aci? K . ,-   A m y  1 ;   Am.,     iigH . ,    <  J ul . ,■    Ca rbo    v - ;    Cha m r ; 
Cim,;     Cocc;     Coff.:    Gupr.    ars.;     Cupr.    hi.;     Gels.; 
Ign.;   Kali  i:,;    Lach,;    Ntixv,;    PhU,:    Pyr..    Rhus  t.; 
5ia&  ;    Sec;      Vib.  pr.;      Xantth. 
ConitlpatlOIL'— 5fy.;  CdfiMt.;  Nusv.^  Op.;  Ver.  a,;  Zinc 
OlarFhc&a  — CAawi.;    Hyo3,;    Pult? 

EEMOEBHAOE  (Ooodiitgt  iH)Bt-pirtum)  — .ac#*,  ac,  Am. 
m.;  Amyl^  Am,;  Arw,-  ^W/.,  Cham.;  Cineh.,^ 
Cinnam.i  Croc;  CycL;  Ferr.;  Geran.;  HatD.; 
Hyos.:  Ign.:  /fwt?.:  Kali  (j.;  Millef.;  Puis,:  S&b.: 
Stc;  TtHL:  Until. 
Witti  btight  red*  hott  protuiQ  flow  Hen. 
WttiL  bright  red,  liot^  prof uie  flow,     coUapalc     iymp- 

toms— I|icc. 
With  colicky  bearing  down  paiziBp  retl«T«d  by  gUih  of 

blood      CyLl. 
With  d^rk,  thlckp  parozysnml  flow,  debility — Linch 
With  ba^bitual  tendency,  profuae,  dark,  clotted— Trill 
With  pain  from  back  to  pubea*  dark^  clotted,  p&lnle&s 

flow — Srtb. 

WlthpaiilTe»  dark,  fluid*  blood  worse  tremi  motioti, 

thin,  fema^les.  reluced  uteruf — Sec. 
With  uterine  Inertia  -Am.  tti..    Puis.;    Stc. 
Hemorrhoids — Acun.;    A  toe:    BelL;    Puis, 
LOCHIA  acrid— Bapi.;    Nit.  ac:    Pyr- 
I       Lochia  bloody— C brum,  ac, 

I      Lochia  bloody.  Id   g^&hei,  worse  from  motion— Bng 
I       Lochia  bloody t  dark-    Kit   ac.  l    Pyr  :    Sec. 
j      Lodila  hot,  1  canty-  J^cU. 
I       Lochia  intermittent— Con.;     KrwoM,^    Pyr;    Sui. 

Ld Ohla  Ofl entlv e—  B a pt* :  BtH . ;  Ca rba  an. ;  Car b .  ac  . 
Car  bo  ^^l  Chfom.  ac;  Croi,  t.\  1£.t\i.\  Krtot,, 
Rhus  t  :    Sfc;    Sep.;    Sul- 


r 


g84  REPBETORY 

IiJoelLla  prolonged — Caic.    c;     Caml.;      Helon*;     Milld, 

Rhiii  i.;    8a h.;    Sec.;      Uttil. 
Loohla  tiipipr eifl  ed —  A  co  n .;       A  ral . ;        Bry,:      Echir  ; 
Hyos.:    Op.:     PwJi,;    SuL;   Zinc, 
Puerperal  CeUulHli— Hep,;    Rhiu  t,;   Vcr;  v* 
Fuerperal  f«v«r  tmllkiover)— Aeon.;  Bry.:  Cale. e. ^ ChAnn 
SEPTEC£MIA~"Puerp«r&l   feroT*    lepUc:     .4 com.;    An. 
Bapr.;    J5d/,;    Bry.;    Carb.  ac;    C&nth.;    Cim^   Croi 
Eckin.;    Hydroc*  ^f.r    Hytja,;    Kali  c.<    Lach.:    Mi'f 
c.;     Nux   V,;     Puis.;     Pyr.;      Rkut   1.;     Sec.;     TcTtla. 
WVf.  V.      See  Pyemia  {Generalities). 
Puerperal    maitim — Roll.;      Can.     ind.:      Cim,;     My§t. 

Plat--    Sitam.;     Ver.  v.;    Ziii(^.      See  Mmd* 
Puerperal    melanctiolia^ — Agn.;      Aur.:       CttK,;      Plii-^ 

Puis.      See  Mind, 
Furpetftl  m^tritU—Cantk.;   Nu3t  v.;   Tilia.     See  Utefui 
Puerperal  perltonltlB — BtlL:     Mtwc.    c.;     Pyr.^     Tefeb* 

S&e  Abdamen.  ^|^| 

Sweailne— Samb,;    Stram.  ^ 

Urinary  Incanttnence — Am.;   BelL 
UrlnaTy    retentlOBp    Euppreisloii^Acon,;      Arn.;     Bdi., 

Eriiit^.;    Hyos,;    Op.;     Strarti. 
COMPLAINTS   AFTEB   PTTEBPEaiUM— Acne   rai  oIUb: 
S&p 
Constipation — Mez.;    Vor.  &.     See  Abdomen. 
H  emo  rrhoidB — H  a  m . 
LACTATION— Menaea  luring:    PaTlad. 

fiSXlkt    abient,    or    ■  canty,  tardy   iagalactea)— ^ifr* 

A*af.;     Ci3k.  c;    CheL;     Pragar.;      La^  c;    Lftt  d 
Ph&t.  at.;     Phos.;     Piloc;      Fuh,;     Rieinus;    Sii : 
Sticta:    Thyr.i     Uri 

Milk,    bltilsh,    transparent,    iour,    tmporeriMlitd,  m 
faulty*   so   cMld  rejeeta  it— Acet,   ac.     Cak.  n 
Cnk.  p,;     Merc;    S*/.;    Sul, 

Milk,  Woody— Bufo. 

Milk*  too  profuse  (gala.«torrhoea) — Bell.;  Bof.;  Cq^^ 
c  .'  Cham.;  Chimapl].:  Cow.;  Erig.;  Lac  t,:  L«^t 
v.;  Mtdum:  Phyt.:  Pip.  m.;  Rbeuui;  Rjcithm 
Sebal;    Salvia;    Sec;    Sdan.  oiwc:    Spiraath. 

Milk,  too  profuse  to  stop  duiing  weaniziff — Bry.;  iaU 

•i-.:    Con.^     Lai:  c:     Ptth.;    Urt. 
Milk,  auppressed- ^ry.;   Camph.  tnonohr  ;   See.;  Zm 
Pala,  drawlnc  from  nipple  to  tiaok,  dtirln^  nursUif- 

Crot.  t. 


r 


FSMALE    SBXUAL    SYSTEM  885 


■aliit  dmwlng  from  nipple^  all  over  bodj^  during  nu ris- 
ing—Phyt.;    Puis.;    Sil, 

■aln  Intolerable,  between  nurilngi — Pheltand 

■rolapsus  utert — Pod. 

Prolonged  nuralng,  wltti  ancmJai  delilkitj^  Ach.  ac; 
Calc.  p.:    Carbo  an.;     Cinch.;    Phos.  ac. 

lezual  excitement*  during  nursing— C ale.  p. 

^are  mouth — Hytlr. ;    Sinap.  aVb, 

Paginal,  bloody  dlschArse,  during  nursing — Sil. 

flenorrhagia  —  Cak.  c;   phos.;    Sil. 

XEaMABIA  AJ'BADOLEKS   (milk  leg) -Aeon.;   Apit; 

An.;     Bell.:     Bism.:       Bry.;      Bufo;      Crot.:      Ham.; 

Lach.;    Puis.;    Rhus  t.;    Sul.i    VtU 
B-lNVOLUTION — Aur.     nt.     «.,■    Calc.   c;   Cim.;   Croc; 

FtQx,     afn.:      Helon.;      Hydr.;       Kali    br.;      LiL     t.; 

Mel.  c.  sale;    Nat,  liypochl.;    Sss.:    Sep. 
BTC  HAla— Falls  out:    Nat    m.:    Kit.  ac;    Xinc. 
LP  INOIT  IE  — Tubes,  fallopian :  Inflammation  of  t  At^.  ; 

Col.;     Eupioni     Hep,;     Merc   t.;     Sabar).      See   Metri- 
tis, Peritoniiis. 
EBUS — AtonjTr  weakness^  relajcatlon  of:    Alti.;    Abies 

c;     Alum.;      Catd.;     Cinch,;     Htlon^:     Lappa;    Sab.; 

Sec;;    Sep.;    UstiK     See  Displacoments. 
EVIX — induration  of,   and  oa:     Alumen;     Aur.    m. ; 

Aur.  mur.  kali.;    Con.;     lod,;     Kal,;     Nat.  c;     Plat, 

DOGEBVITIB— Cerrlz;    Inflammation  of;    €lironle: 

Ant.  t.;    Ats.;    BelL;    Caknd.;    Lye;    AUrc.c,;    Merc; 
Nit.  ac.      See  UlcEration. 
Jervli,  rednesB  Of— Hydrocot.;    Mitchella.  m 

Jervlx,  swelling  of,  sclrrbUB  like— Ana  nth.  ' 

Strrlx,  swelling  of,  with,  urinary  symptoms^Canth 
Jervlx,  "hunors  of,  cane erouB— Thuya, 
J  ervli,  Ulceration  Of— Alniia;    Arg.  m.;    Arg,  n,:    Art; 
Aur.   m.  n.;     Bufo;     Curb,  ac;     Fluor,  ac;     Hydf.. 
Hydrocot,;     Kreos.;    Lye:     Merc,  c;    Merc;    Sep.n 
Sal,  ac;    Thuya;     Unit  ;     Ve»pa< 
j^rvlx,  ulceration  of,  bleeding  easily— Ain us;   Arj|.  n.; 

Kreos .  J 

Jervii,  Ulceration  ot,  deep — Merc  c  I 

?orvlX,  ulceration  of,  In  aged— SuL  »e.  1 

Jervli,  ul  c  era  tlon  of,  spongy  —  Arg .  m . :    K  re  u& .  I 

J  erriz,  ul  c  era  tlon  of*  supertlc  lal  —Hydr. ;    Merc 
rmTYix,  tUceratlon  of,  with    fetid,    acrid   discharge- 

^B  Ar£.;    Carb.  ac  ■ 


Sgd 


RliPKRTORTf* 


OerviXt  ulcentlon  of,  with  Ictld,  Ichorous,  bloody  du- 

charge  — Kri5  CIS, 
ConcesttOB  Of — Acon*^    Aur.;     BmlL;     Beliis;   CauL;  Cim. 
CoHifis.;  Croc.    Frax.     am.;  Ge!fl«i   Lii.    (.;  Mitchella. 
SAbad^i    Sab.;   5ep^:    Straph,:    Sul, ;    Tar.  h.:    Vwt.  r 
See  Inl^ammatinn. 
Oonccitlon    off    chronic     or    pasilye—  At4r.;    Calc.    c; 
CiiH:-      Callittif.,      Hfioij.:      Laeb.;       PotymHia:     Ssp-i 
Sul.L     L'Wti, 
GtmioicmEaQii  of  &  womb:    very  tender  to  jftrt— //tl^K,, 

Lyn:.-,    Lyssin:     Manx. 

DISPLACEMENTS   OF— ^FlejdcmK,  7erslon»):     Abit*  c; 

MsQ.,     Bfii.;    Carb.  ac,;     Ettpiojt;     Ferr.   iod*;     Ferr- 

Pin;     Frax.  am.;     Heliotr.;     Melon.;    La.ppa;     LU.  i^i 

Melc.  sale^    Murex;    Puis.;   Sabal'    Sec^;    Sfp.;  Stann. 

lMipUe«ment*  Ofi  ptol^pmi&—  Aiet.;     Alctci     Arg,  ta.- 

Aur,   m.  n.;     BelL;     Bens,  ac, ;    Calc,  c. ;    Cale.  p.; 

CoiliHt.;     Con. ;     Ferr,   br.  ^     Ferr-    m, ;  Fram*   am.; 

Htt^n*;     Kali  bich.;     Lach.;     LtL  i.;     A/d  e-  *tiii: 

Murex;     Nat,  chlor;     Nat.   m.:      A'hjc  tr.;     Pallad.. 

Plat.;     Po<i.;    Puis.;     Rkujf  t,;    Sec.;    Sfp.;    Stafin  , 

Staph.;    Trill. 

METEOBItHAOIA- Hemorrhage    from:      Beimedtei    In 

^eaerali    Afi-^r.:    Ajnbr<i;   Apis;    Arg*  n*;    Atn.;   Atm. 

Aur.  mur,  kali'    BelL;    Bcvr.    Cafit.;    Cfilc.c.;   Cantb. 

CuhL;     Cham.:     Cina;     Cimk^;     CinniMm^;     ColHos., 

Cfdc;     Crdt.;     Dictan.;     Dig.;     Elaps;     Etig.;     Ferr 

m.;    Ftff.  p.;    Ham.;    Helon.:    Hydrant,;    lod,:   Iptc, 

Junip*  V,;     Kali  n.;    Ktgqs.i    Lack,;   LiL  t,;    Ma^.  m  . 

MflUf.;    Mitchella;     Nat.  chlor.;     A^i*.  ae.^    HuJt  v. 

Pkai.;    Plumb.;    Puis.;    Pyr.;     Robin.;     Sab.;    5ft-. 

Sep.;    Sul.;    S/rom.;    Tereb,;    Thlatpii    TrilL;    Ustil  , 

Vinca;    Vis  cum. 

From  fibroids— C ale.    c;     Nil.    ac:      Phos.;     Sul.   a* 

ThJaspi;     TfilL 

From mechanicai    injuty,    itratning— Ambra,     Am. 

From  i»ar turl  tlon ,     abortion — C  ro  c .  r       Nit.      ac      Set 

Pregnancy. 
From  retained  placenta — St  ram, 
From  uterine  atonpi  mal&rlal  caiea— Ciu<7h. 
tiiter-menBtrual— ,4t«fcriiv     Arg.    m.;     Bmt,:     Cak. 

Cham.,      Elaps;     Ham.;     tptc;     Mag>   s.;      Ph 

Rhus  I.;    Robin.;   Sab.;    Vine*, 


FEMAI^E^  S«XUAL    SYSTEM  S87 

(Pith  bloodi  bUC&— Croc. ;    EUps . 

JP^ith  blQoa  bright  redt  profuie,  cuilii]|g»  from  let^il 

f        motion — Bel!:    Cham  ;    I  pec;    MUUf^^    Mitchell*; 

Phof.;    Sab.:    Sec;     Trill.;    UstiK;    Viscutn. 
With,  blood  Clotted  or  partly  clotted— B#H.;    Ch&m., 

Cinch. ;     Cocc;      O^f.;      Cy^L;      Ip^a     Kali    c,i 

Lach.r     Plat.;      Pinmh,'     Puis.:     Rhtis    I.;     Sok,- 

Thl  SB  p  i ;     Trill  -. :    V  is  c  u  m . 
With  blood  profuse,  painless — Nit-  eic 
With  blood  pToliisep  painless^  dark.  Tenons — H^m. 
Wllh  blood  profuse,  passive,  obstinate— Cinnam. 
With  blood  profuse,  passive,  thin,  letldt  In  c«oh«otlc 

females — Sec. 
WlUi  falntnesa  In  stomach — Crot. 
With  feeling^  as  If  back  &nd  hips,  were   falling  to 

pieces,  relieved  by  bandaging,  fain  ting  ^Tri  II* 
WUh  feeling  of  enlarged  head— Bad, 
With  heavy  abdomen,  faintness,  stlngtiie  palnf — Apis : 
With  labor  like  pains— 0^1  #tt,;    Ham;    T  hi  as  pi:     Vis- 

cum, 
WltlmaU«e4— Apnp.;    Caps.;    iptc. 

With  p&lnful  mlcturltloD,  pallor,  violent  Irritation 

ol  rectum,  bladder,  prolapsus— EH g. 
With  seirual  excitement  -  Amtira;    Sab. 
With  uterine  congestion,  Inflammation-  -ESab. 
With  violent  backache,  relieved  by  pressure,  sLttlng — 

Kali  c. 
With  weak  heart— Am.  m-;    Dik, 
Hydromeira— Sep. 
Induration  of — Aur. :     Aur.   m.   ka.h;    Aur.   iw,   h.;    Coh.. 

ii?d.:    KaL:    Mag,  m  ;    Plat  ;    Sep. 
ENDOMETEITIS,  METRITIS— Intlamttiatlon  of:   Acute: 
Ae&H.:     Ant.   iod. ;     Apix:     Am.;     *4r*.;     ^e!L,^     Bry.: 
Canth.;    Cim.;    Cinch.:    Con.:     Gel$.;    Hfiv*-,    Hyos.; 
led**    Kali  c;     Lach  i     Aftl  c.  xaU:     Mgrc.  c;     Op.; 
Phos.  ac,:    Put.;    P11U,;    Rlius  t.;    Sah,:    Swe.;    Sep.; 
5iL;    Stram.;    SuL:    Tereb,;      Vtr.  v. 
Chronic- Aloe:      Ars,;     Aur,    m.;      Anr,    m.    n>;\    Bor. ; 
Cake,;   Carb.  Q^.:   Caut;   Chin,  are,;   Cim.:    Cmi,; 
Graph.;    Htlon,:    Hydr.;    lod.;     Kaii  ti^h.;    Kali  c,; 
K  al I  B , ;     Kr0on . ;    La ch . ;    Klag .  m . ;    M* n>  c, ;    Mtrs , 
*.  ^ah;    Merc:     Murex:     Nife*  ac:     Ntii£  Vm     ^hos 
ar,;     Phos.;     Puh.;     Rhu5   t.;    Sab.:    Sec;     St  p.. 
Sit;    Stram.;    Sul 


I 


E 


8^8  REPERTORY 

Ctiranic,  lOlUcttl^r  — /fyffr.;    Hydrocot,;    lod.;    Mtre 
CtiraalG,  wltb  arterial  congestion — Bell.:    LiL  t.;  S^^ 
GhFonlCf  wl tb  y  enous  c one e i tlQU  —  Al oe ;   CatHm, ,  Mag. 

7«rl  or  para  metrltia — Aeon.:     SW/.r    Camh.;    Coli 
Hep.:    Aftfrr.  c.;    Sil. 
tmtable   Uttru*    (bFlteraJgia)— Caul. :      Cim.:     Lit. 

Mure^L.      See  Pain. 
FAEN  — Pain    In:     Bruised,    broken    feeUngt    of   peMc 
bon^s:    ,^&5C'    BeUi^;    Lapp&^     7'rUi. 
Burning— Aeon.;       An.;      BdL;       Bufo;       Carbc    ta. 

tToM^/t.;    Hep.t    Lapis  alb;    Pallad.:    S#f.;    Tereb. 
CoUckXr    onumpsi    labor -like,    iieailiis    down— Je>^^' 

Apis;    Arg.  m.;     TiitiL^    Calad.;    Cale,  c.;    Can.  ind 
CAam.;    Cocc:    Coi.;    dtpr.:    Diose. t    Perr.:    (7#iJ.. 
Hedeoma:     IgH.;    Intila^     Ip4c.r    Lack,;     Nat 
Nux  v.;     Onosm^i     Oj>.;    Plat.;    Sab.:    Sep,;    Sil.^ 
Ft6.  op.      See  Labor. 

Constricting,  sqiiee King— CofF./  Cham,;  Cineh.:  M 
Mag,  p.;    Nux  v»;    FolyRon.;    Sep^;     I'fitil 

NeuraliTlc,  lanclnatini:,  ipaamodlo,  t«arui^,  sbootlufi 
cutting,  Etlt^ilng — Acoti.;  Agar.;  Apia;  Aratt., 
BmU.:  Bry.^  Bufo:  CawL;  Cim,;  Cinch.;  €d.. 
Con.;  Cupr  are.;  DioxE.;  Ferr.;  Graph.:  KiK  p  , 
Lach.;  hit  t.;  Majg,  f.p*  Merc.;  ,V-f«ret,-  Op.. 
Pfa/.;  Fills.;  Sec;  Vfh.  aft.:  Visenm. 
Dysmenorrhoea* 

Heural^lc*  from  I»c1e  to  abdomen— Sep.;      Viscwro 

Neuralgic*  from  ba ok  topubes-  Sab. 

Neuralgic,  from  back  to  tltlghi,  le^t — Bufci:  Carb.  «< 

Neuralgic,  from  hip  to  hip—  BtiL;      Calc.     c         fti 
Cinch  ;    Col.;    Pal^ad. 

Neuratete,  from  nay  el  to  uterus— 1  pec. 

Neuralgic,  radiating  to  oheit— Lach.i    Mttrt.v:    V^p»? 

Pressings  beavliiessi  fulness,  dragging  In  pelylt— Agar 
AleL;  AioF,  Ant.  [^. ;  Aur.  tn.  tt.;  B9U  ;  Carb,  «c 
Cim.;  CinchH;  Cocc;  CcUin».;  Perr,  br, ;  Gniph  , 
G&Mtyp,;  Hff/oN.;  KaHbicb.t  Mag.  c;  Merc,  N*i 
chlor.;  Nu]t  v,;  Pltii.;  PJumb.;  Pod.i  Polygon. 
S€p.;    Trill.;     Wyeth. 

Presitngr  as  U  yiscera  would  protrude  trom  Tigliu- 

A^ar,;     litU  ;     Cim..     Cinnam,;     Ferr.   ^t>d.;     Ferr 
m.,     Frrtif,  urn.;    Gossvp.;    Heliotr.;     Kali  PerroO^, 


FEMALE    !£E;CUAL   SYSTEM  B$g 

KrecA.;    Luc  c;    Lit.  1.;    Mosch.;    Mitrtx;    Nat.  a 
Nat.  ehlor.;    Nat.  m.;    Onosm.;    Ova  u*  pelL;    Pal- 
lad.;     Pod,E     Sanic.;    Sep.;    Stann.;    Sul.;     Titia; 
TriU,-    Vib,  op.;    Xanth.;    Xeroph. 
Preialns   tn   Ijack  — Aaar.;      Beli.,-     Carb.    ac-;     Cim.; 
Gfh;    Oos&yp.;     Hedcoma:     M^Iqh.;    Inula;      Kati 
■c.;    OjiD&ni.;    TnlL;    Vespa. 
PMlsatlHE.     throbbing— j^tc;       BelL;       Cact.;      Hep.; 
i\l  u  re  X , 
PHYSOMETRA— Bell.;     iJry.;     Bram.;     Lye;    Phos.  ac 
BorenesEt     tendsmeai     of    uterus— Abi«3     c;      AeoD^^ 
Ap^z;     Arg     m.:      tttIL;     Bfilis;     Bry^;    Cim]     Conv.; 
H^lan.:    Lach.;     Lappa;     Lit.  t.;    Lyssin;     Mag,  tn.; 
Mtl  c.    taU;     Merc;      Murtx;     Plat.;     Sank.;     Sep,^ 
Tklatpi;    Tilia. 
TUMORS    OF— Cancer,    txuUgnant   disease:      Ar^.    m.; 
Ats.  tad,;     Ats.;    Aur.   rn.   n.,     BeU.;     iJov.;     Calc,  s.r 
Caltka;    Carbo  an.:     Cinch. ^     Con.;    Graph,;     Hydr.; 
Irid.;     Kali  bich^;     K^li  p.;     Ksli  b,;     Krroi.;    Lach.; 
Lapis  ath;    Mag.  p.;    Murex;     Pkog.j    Phyt.;    Rhus  t*; 
Sec:   Sep.:   SiL;   Sul.;   Tar.;    Thuya;  Trill.;   Zinc.  m. 

FlIiroiaB ,  polypi  my 0 -flbi:oiii&t& — .4  vt.  iod. ;  Bell:  Calc. 

c;     Caic.   iod._,     Calc,    p,;     Caiend.;     Cinch.;     Cottr; 

Erod>;    Ferr.;    Frax.  am.;    Hftiji,;    Hydrccot.;  Ipcc; 

KaH  tad,;     Loch,;     Led.;      Merc,    c;     Mwrc,    i-   f.; 

Nit.    ac;      Pkm.;      Plat.;      Plumb.;      Puis,;     Sab.: 

Sang.;    Sec;    Sep.;    Sul.^    Thlaspi;    Thuya;    Thyt.i 

TniL 
TAaiNA— ApbthOUt  patches,  ulctrs,  erosloni  In— Alu 
men:      Ar^.    n.;     Carbo    v.;      Caui.;     HmIoh.;     Hydr,, 
Ian..     Lye;     Ly&fiin;     Nat.    m.;      Nii,   ae^i     Robin.^; 
Srp.:   Thuya. 
BumiiiSf  heat  In — Afon,;    Alum.;    Antipyr. ; 'Aur,  m,; 

Beli-;     Bwrh.  v.;    Bo  v.;     Cantk.;    Carbo  au.;    Ferr. 

p.;    Nydrocot.;    Kali  bich,;     Kf^o*.;    Lye;     Lyssin; 

M#rf.    £;   Merc;      Nat*    m^;       Sii-    ac;     Pop.    c: 

Pulex;   Spiranth;    SuL 
coldness  In— Bo r.  ac 
Cysts  In— Lye;   Puis.;    RJtod;   Sil. 
Dryness  In — Aeon.;     BtlL;    Ferr*  p-;     Lye;     NaL  m.; 

Spiranth.      See  tnflammattoD. 
FlatUB»  enLlsslon  from — Bram^;   Lace;    Lye;   Nuxm.. 

VAOINITJS — InfUjnmatlon   of;     Acut«\      Aeon.;      Av^*- 


^go  aEFERTORr 

Art.;     BttlL;    Cm.n.  *..     Canth.;    Cim.;     Con.^     CfO*- 
Gels,;     Hclon.;     Hydt.;     Kali  c;     Kali  m.;     Kreos,: 
M#r4r.  f.;    RhufS  t*:    5f#-r    Sut:    Thuya. 
OhrimlC— Ars4     Bor.;     Cflfc.  f,:     Hydr.;     KreOfi.;    Kali 
m.,    MwTc:    Prntw.;    Swp:    SuL      See  VulvitiB, 

Ztoblng  In— Antipyr.;  Caiad.:  Cantk.,-  Con,i  Hihn  . 
Hydr^cot.-  Hydr/.  KrtQt.;  Merc;  Scropbiil., 
5#p.;    Sil.:    Sith      See  Pruritus  Vulvse. 

PfciU  at,  preiSlBg— fli^i..  Calc.  c:  Chiwiapht  Cinutb,. 
F^ff.  i>rf.;    Stann. 

PiJn,    I  tinging,    stUcbln^,     ihootlns,     te&rln^  — 4fii. 

Ctm.,    Cc?].-     Rhu!^  i;    Sab:     *?i^ff 
Fain  throbbing  —  Bel L 

prolapsus      vaglnw — AUim-^        &rtt.;       Perr.r      Granftt 
Kreos.:      Lach.;      Lappa;      Nux    tn.;      Nun    v.;    Oceh 
nutn;    St  p.;    Sitittn.:    Sul.  ac. 
VAOINISBfUS,    SMiBllilvMieii    Of— 4<rafi.;     Aur, ,     Bell, 
jBfffi.    ».;      Cact,      Catil.;     Caust.:     C&rbo  v, ;    Cii«., 
Cocc;    Ferr.  lod,:     Ferr,   m,;     Fenr.  p, ;   Gels^;   Hajn  ; 
fgn,;     Kreoa.'     Lyssjn^      Mag,   p*;     Nit.  ac;    Nuii  v. 
Plat.;     Plumb  :    SiL:     Staph.:     Thuya. 
VULVA  AMB   LABIA— AlKicesi    (tuIto -vaginal )  t     .4fii, 
Beli^;     Bor.;      //e^  ;      Kreos-i     lod.;      Lach.-      Mm., 
Puis.;    Rhua  t.;    Sep  ;    Sil.;    Suh 
Burning  in— Am.   c;     Aut.:     Bo  v.;     Cti»f*f.,*     (Jm^A , 
Helon.;      Kreos  ;      Afrrc.,-      Pula.;      J?&«j    >;     Sil 
SuL:  Thuya.     See  Pain. 
Cancer  of —  Ars.;  €  on . ;    Thuya , 
Drrneii   tif— Aeon.:     BglL:     Calc.    c;     Lye;     Tar.   h 

See  Vulvitis. 
Eesemaof-  Rhus  t 

HlFpereetbeBta^     Boreneis     of—  BflL;      Cim.;      Coze 
Coff.;     Ferr.   jod,;      G^h:     Hep.;     Fg^^     Kali  br  ; 
Kreos.;    Mag.  p.;    MEf£.;    Sit.  nc,;    Nux  v.,    Petrel 
Ptat^:   Sul.,    Tintycj:    Tilta:    Zinc. 
VULVmg— mflammatlOtt    of:     a  can.:      Apt*;     Ambrft, 
Ars.;      Bill.;      Urom,:      Catc.    c,;     Canih.^     Carbo   v 
Chimaph.;   Coccus;  CoUitiB,;    Cop,:   Eupion;  Gossyr 
Graph.;    Ham.;    Helon.:    ^ydr.i    Kreo5.:    Lye:   Ma^ 
p.;     Merc,  c;    Merc,;    Occinum: 
divers.;    Rhus  i.;    Sep.;    Sil.;    Su 
v^lTltia,    follicular,   hcrpetie— i 

Nat.  £,;     Robin.;    Stp,;    Spiranth-;    Thuya:     Xef^' 
phyL 


rEMALE    SEXUAL    SYSTEM 


89T 


IFItUBITITB— Itching    In:     Agar.;     Amhra;     A  pie;     An,, 
I        Berb.  v.;    Bov,;    Calad..-    Calc.  c.    Camh.;   Carb.  »c.; 
I        Carbo    v.;      CoUint,;      Con.;     Conv,;      Cop/;      Dulc 
I         Fagap.;    Ferr.  iod.;    Graph.;   GuttCd;    Hflom.^    Hydrn^ 
I        Kali  bkh,'     Kali  br. ;     Kre&s,:    LiL  L:     Lye:    M*rc.; 
I         Mmzr,     Nit,    bc;     OHk  1      Petrol.;     Pier,    ac.;      PhL. 
I         Rbufidiv.;    RkttMi.;    Scrophul^    Stp.;    Sli-;    Spiranth  ; 
'         SftL:    Tar,  c;     r<if.  A.;    Thuya;     Urt.;    Xerophyl, 
Ffcto  111— Arw.;     8wU,,     Btrb.  i\:    Calc.  f.;   Can.  t.:   Ferr.; 
Kali   d,;     Kreos.;     Mcli. ;      Af#rt.   €.;    Sab.:    5#^.;    Sill. 
Sec  \^iilviti&. 
FfcpuUi,  pU«tUl«i  oa— Cart    (If.,    G^raphn;    5»i>.;    Sul 
Polypi— Bell.;    Calc.  c;     Pk&x.;    Teucnl     Thuya, 
fienfi&tlon,  ai  if  wet— E up.  purp,:    peirol. 
aoreaetEr    tendemeBi— >4cafi  ;      Am  bra;      BtH.;      Coqv 
Graph.-      Kreos.;      Hfhfi.,      PUt.;     S#|?.,'     Sulrl     Tbt 
h,;     Url, 
iorftneif,  With  Ulceri— AfK    n  ;    Htp.,^    Merc,    Nit,  ac, 

Thuya. 
Sweat,     oSenilTS—Ctjfc.     t,,       Pagop.t      ltyQ.\       Mtrc 
Petrol,;    Sal.;    Thuya. 

Uloeri   cm— >lfi.r     Aur,    tti 

Syph. 
TaiicoB  af — Carbo  v.;    Lye 
Wat  ti  on  —  A  u  r ,  m  u  r .  1     TA  «  >■  rj 


I 


MiiT.    at.:      N*^.    n€4 


CIRCULATORY   SYSTEM 


:iRCULATORY    SYSTEM 


:bie&-- Aortitis  Chi'Qiiica;  AortAi  Inflamed*  chrcm- 
cally:  Adren.;  Ant.  ans. ;  An.  ipd.;'  Aur,',  Cact.: 
Jupr. ;    Glon,;     jVaL  fad,;    Spig.;    Stroph, 

ItA,  pain  In^-Strych^ 
.EBIO-SGLEB  OS  IS —Atheroma    of    «rt«rlei:      Am. 

i&d^:    Am.  vanad,'    Ars,:    An.  iod.;    Aur.  lod,;    Aut^; 

Bar.  c;    Bar,  m  ;    Cact.;    Glon,:     Kaliiod.:    Kali  But.; 

Nat.    iod.;     Plutttb.  iad.;     Plumb,    m.;      Polygon,  av.; 

Stroph.;     Strontr   iod.;     Vanad.      See   fnterstitml    Ne- 
phritis. 
DtldS,  puliate— .4ir£JH.;     Amyl;     BelL;     Caci.^     Cinch.; 

Fagop.:    Ghn.;    LiL  t.;    Sab.;      Vtr.  v.     See  PuIbCk 
fUlatiODi    llU£ei>b    In—^th.:      Calc.    c:     Caic.    p.: 

Carbo  v.;    Cim.;     Cmnara. ;     Ferr.   p,;     Geis,;     Led,, 

Nat.  tn.:    Rhut  i.;   Sil.     See  Hea^rt 
SeStlon     Of     blood      (local)— j4  com.;      Amyl:       Aur.; 

Bell.;     Cact.;     Calc-    c;     Centaur,;     Cupr*  m^;     Ferr. 

m.;      Ftrr.    p.;     Gad  as    mor.;     Glott,;     Lonic. ;     M*hV 

Millef.;      Phos.;      Sang.:      St  p.;      SpotiR.;      Stellar., 

5«1.;     Vtr.  V. 

esene  ration  of,  fatti?— Pha&. 
^tTEISM— Dilatation  ol:    Aeon.;     Ara.  iod.t    Bar.  c; 

Bar.   m.;    Cftct.;    Calc.  p.;    Glon.,    Iod,;      Kaii  iad.r 

Kftl. ;    Lye,;   Morph.:    Plumb.;    Splg  ^   Spong.i    V&t.  v. 
neun«at,  capillary— Caic,  ^,,    Fluor,  ac;    Tub. 
IPLEXY— Eupture  Of  aJ-teir;    Accft.;    Arn.;    Bare.; 

Btil.t    Camph.;    Canst.;    Chenop,;    Cinch. ^    Cupr,  tm.; 

Formic;    Glon.^   Junip- v.;    Kali  iod. ;    Laoh.;    NuxP.; 

Op.;    Phos:    Sep.:    Sul.;    Ver.  a,;     Ver.  v, 
poplex7p   predisposition    to*   OT   tbreatenwd— .H^rfln,; 
Ars.;    Bar.  tj.;    Bell.:    Gwh.;   Hvoe.;    Lach.;    Lauroe: 
Nu^v.;     Ph&^, 
pisplexy,     poat-henilpl<<gla— .4rn.;       CaMst.,       Cccc; 

Cupr.  m.;     Plnmb.:    Zinc. 
LBT  — Ac  Uon,  tumuttuou  I  *  violent ,  labored :   Aba  in  th ; 

jitcrii.;    Agar,;    Aramon.;     Amyt:    Ars,;    Aur.;     BtlL; 

Cact.;    Citn-;    Colch.:    Con  v.;     Ghn.:    Helod.;     KaL: 


L 


S96  RBPBRTORY 

Lycop.;    Nat.  m.;    Physost.;    Prun.  »p.;    Pyr.;  Spit-: 
Vtr.  V.     See  Pulse. 
AFFECTIONS  Of  in  general — Aeon.;    Adon.;    Am.  m.; 
Amyl;     Apoc;     Am.;     An.   iod.;     An.;    Bar.  c; 
Bell.;     Benz.    ac;     Cact.;     Calc.    ars.;     Carbo  v.; 
Cim.;     Conv.;    Coronaia;     Crot.;     Dig.;    Fcrr.  m.; 
Ferr.  p.;    Grind.;    Hydroc.  ac;    Iberit;    Ign.;   Kali 
c;    Kal.;   Lach.;   Lepid.;    Lil.t.;   Lith.  c;  Lycop.; 
Merc,  c;    Naj'a;   Nat.  tn.;    Nuxv.;    Ox.  ac;    Phot.: 
Piloc;     Scilla;     Spart.;     Spig.;     Spong.;     Stropk.: 
Strych.;     Sumbul;      Val.;      Ver.    v.     See   separate 
diseases  of  heart. 
Aflectiong    off    rheumatic — Benz.    ac;     Cact.;     Cim.; 
Colch.;    Ign.;    Led.;    Lycop.;     Kal.;    Naja;   Spit-: 
Ver.  V. 
Aflectiont,  witfaheinorrhoidg->Cact.;    CoUim.;  Dig. 
CYANOSIS— Am.  c;    Ant.  ars.;    Ant.t.;    An.;   Carbo  an.; 
Carbo  v.;  Cupr.;    Dig.;   Hydroc.  ac;    Lach.;   Lauroc.; 
Lycop.;    Nat.  nit.;    Phos.;    Piloc;     Rhm  t.;    Zinc. 
DEBILITTt  weaknett   of — Acet.   ac;    Adon.;     Am.  c; 
Am.    m.;     Ant.    ars.;     An.    iod.;    Cact.;     Calc.   art.; 
Camph.;     Carbo   v.;     Cinch.;     Conv.;     Crat.;    Diosc; 
Dig.;      Euphorbia;       Ferr.;      Grind.;      Helod.;     Hy- 
droc.  ac;     Ihtris;     Kali   c;     Morph.;     Mosch.;    Ncr- 
ium;     Nux   m.;     Nux   v.;     Prun.  sp.;    Psor. ;     Scilla. 
Spart.;    Stroph.;    Tab.;    Ver.  a. 
"HEART  FAILUBE"— Debility,  weaknesg  of,  mugeulir: 
Agaricin;       Alcohol;      Ant.     t.;       Atrop.;       Caffiim: 
Camphorated    oil;      Cocaine;      Crat.;      Dig.;     Ether; 
Glon.;    Oxygen  inhalation;  Spart.;  -Stroph.;   Strych* 
Debility,    weaknegg,    nenroug— Cact. ;      Ib^ris;     Ign.; 
Lil.  t.;     Lith.    c;      Naja;     Piloc;     Spart.;     Spig-: 
Tab.;    Val. 
Debility,  weakness,  with  droi^gy — Adon.;    Apoc.;   Ars. 
iod.;    Ars.;    Asclepsyr.;    Cact.;    Cafftint;    Collins.. 
Conv.;     Dig.;     Iberis;     Lycop.;     Oleand.;     Scilla. 
Spart.;    Stroph.     See  Generalities. 
DEGENEBATION  OF,  FATTY —Arn.;    Ars.    iod.;    An.. 
Aur.;    Bar.  c;  Cim.;  Cupr.   ac;   Kali  c;   Kali  feroc: 
Phos.  ac;     Phos.;    Physost.;     Pkyt.;    Stroph. 
DILATATION  OF— Ars.  iod.;     Ars.;    Bar.  c;  Cart. ;  Cim 
Conv.;       Crat.;        Dig.;      Gels.;        Naja;       Phaaol- 
Physost.;      Prun.    sp.;    Spart.    s.    Spig.;    Tab.      Se«, 
Debility  muscular. 


CIRCULATORY    SYSTEM  Sq? 

DYSFNCEA  (oStrdlao)— /(cpw.  fer.;  Adan.;  Am.:  Cact.i 
^^U  Calc^ars.;  Chin,  ars.;  Cim.^  CollinSr;  Dig.;  Glon,; 
^^F  MagnoL;  Ox.  ac;  Op.;  Qu^^ruf^o  See  Heapira- 
I  tory  Systctn. 

l^ertroph^  of — Aeon.;  Am;  Aur. i  BelL;  Brom.; 
^H  Cart.;  Cafleine;  Caw^f.;  Cereua^  C&nv.;  Crat.; 
^H*  Glon^;  Iberii;  LiL  t.;  jViiju/  Fbyt.;  Rhus  t,; 
^™^      Spong. :     Ver.  Vr 

ENBOGABDrrjS— AGUte:      Inflammation       of:      Acan. 
Ars.;     Cut-(.,'    Calch. ;    Con  v.;     Di^.;    Lach.;    M»gnol,; 
Na.ja;    5^tfi.;    Vcfr  v.      See  Periearditifl. 
Endocardlttit  rheuumtlc — Aeon.:    BclL'    Bry.i   Colch. ; 

MYOCABDITIS  — ,4r5.  iod.^  Aur.    mur.;    Caet.;    Dig.      See 

Weakness  J   Degeneralion. 
PEBICABDITISi   acute — Aeon.;   Ant.    are,;    Apis;    Ars.; 
Asclep,    t*;      Bry.;     Can.    s.;      Camih,:     Cokk.;     Dig,; 
Kali    c.;      Kali    iod.;      Magnol.;      Mere,     c.;      Merc^; 
Phaseol.:    Spig.;    Stil 
P  erl  card!  tl  §♦  ckroM  c  —  A  m  r.  lorf . ;    S  c  ill  a :   Spig. ;    S  ul . 
PerlcafdltiB»     rheumatic— Aeon.;       Colckic;      Coleb.; 
5  pig. 
KB17B0SE&  OF — Aeon.;    Cact.;     Cham^;     Cinch,;     Ctrff.; 
Ferr. ;     Gels.;    Iber.;     IgJt^:    Lil.  /.;    Mosch.;     A?'«je  v.; 
Prvn.  v.,    Scatel.:    Sep.:    Spig-i    Tab.;   Ver.  a*;   Zinc^ 
K«uroteB,  lrrltal>le  Irom  tea,  co^ee — Agancine, 
NeuroscB,  Irritable  from  infltieuea— Iberis. 
Neurmeii  irritable  from  tobacco — Agaricine;     Ars,; 
A^n.;    CuMV.^    Dig.;     ftToJ.;    Phos.;    Spig.;    Siroph, 
FADf  IN — Abies  n.;    Aeon.;   K^ox^.;  AmyL;    Ars*;    A^ter.; 
Bty.;     Cad.;     Cere  us;     Cereua    serp.:     dm.;     Coff.^ 
Calck.;     Crot.;     Daphne;     Diff. ^     Diosc;     Ferr.  tart.; 
HematoK;      Hydrac.    ac;      Ibcris;       KaL;      Lairod.; 
Lepid.;    Lil.i.;    Liik.c;   Lob.  infl.;   Lycop,;    MagnoL; 
Med.;     Naja;    Oaosm.;  .Ox^  ac;    Ov.  g.  p.;     Pieama; 
Ptdea;   Spig.;   Stroph.;    Syph.;    Tab.;    Tktr^;   Thyr.; 
Ver.  v.;    Zinc.  v. 
f         PaJn,    GOUStrlotlD^i    as   If    iqueezed   In  Tlae — j4^£>m-,- 

I Atnyl;      Cact,;     Cadm.    a.;     Coccus;     lodof.;      iod^,' 

^^^^        Lacti.;    LiL  ii-     Ly[::op.;    Magnol.;      Muxtn.;    PteL; 
^K        Thyr, 

i    AlvamA      PECTORIS— Neurftlglc;       ilcan,;       AdrenaL; 
Amyl;    Arg.  cy.l    Ars,  iod.;    Ars.,^    Aur,  mur.;    Bism,; 
fus;    Cim.;    C&caint;   Conv*;    Crot*.    Cw^t* 


1 


S98  REPERTORY 

m.;  Diis-;  Dio&c:  Glon.;  tivmai&x.;  Hydros.  <it  ■ 
Kaliiod.;  KaL;  Latrad.;  Lil.  t,i  Litli.  c;  Wa^.  f. 
MagnoL;  Morph.r  ATa/a,-  Nat,  itid.;  N&t.  nit,;  Nii'< 
v.;  Ojf.  ar.,  Pbos.;  Phyt.:  Prun.  sp,;  Span,!  5j?*IE 
Spong.;    Stront.  iod.;    Tab.;    Tliyr,;    Ver.  v,:    Zific  ^ 

Prom  aim i«  of  EtIniuUlllrft — Nut^.  v  -    SpiR 

From  organic*   heart   dlfi«&te — Ars,    tW^;     Nat,   hv!., 
Si  runt.  in<l. 

From  rtteum&tlEm — Cim, 

From  tobacco— Lil,  t. 

Fi«udo -angina  pectoris     A  con  it,;    Cat:!.;    Lil.  t,;  Nux 

V.      See  Pain. 

Freconifal      oppretilotip      aiudetri      liQ&ylii«il— 4<-cm  ; 

Agar.;       Adof}.;       Amvl;     Apis;       Ar.f.     iitd.;     Asp^r ; 

Aur.  ^       Brum.;       Cact,;      Cuvnjih.]       Cereui:      Cokh.. 

Collins.;     Crot.;      Dig,;     Fern:     Hemntox.:     Hydftt^ 

ac:      Jbtria;     Iffii.l      /fjrf,;      I  pec.;       Li3ch.;     LatTffd-: 

Laur.;     LiL   i.;     Ltib.   c ;    Lye  op.;     Magnoi;     A'dfii. 

Nat.    ars.;     Primula   v,;      /^M/a,;     Spig.;    Tab.;    T^^ff; 

Thyr, :    Ver.  v. 

Shooting*   iMiolnitliig,  tearlnc— Cttr/. ,     Cerpw^,     Cokh.; 

Dapbne;     Iberia;      K'ijL,'      Lnirad.;     Lil.    t.;    Litk.  c 

Magnol.;     Ox,   at.;     Pii?rtm&;     Phvi  ;      5/»»r#"    ^yp'"- 

Tab       See  Nc^iral^ia. 

Shooting  down   l«ft   should or«  anup  to  fln^eri—  Aeon 

A^par.;      Bism,:      Carf.;       K^l:      Lalr-i^l  -       /JJltfi*   r, 

Stitohing,    putting— Abi«9    n.;      Aton;      Am.;      Bty., 
Cact.;    Cap.  ind.;     Ceretis;     DiK^     Iheris;      Knh  i 
Kali  n,;    Llth,  c^;    Spig^ 
F  AI.P IT ATIOK  -  A  bifi  c  ;     .4  cti » . ;     .4  Jo « . .       4  g^i r  ,-     Aim 
rioine:     Amyh     Arg.  n.;    Ars,;     Asaf.;     Aur*  fti*;    Aw 
mtir.;     Bar,   c. -     B^ll^;    Cact.:     Calc,    nr*  ;     Campb  . 
Carbo  V,;    Cfln.in<I, ;    Chin,  are.;    Cim.;    Coca;    Coff. 
Con.-    ^owI^;    Cupr.;    Dig.;    Fermm,     Ferr.  p.^   Qt^  > 
GloH.:    Hydr.;    Hydtoc.  ac.^    Ibrrii;    Ifin,:    l*rf.;   KAi» 
c;     KbH   ferr,   cy.;      ^o?,;     Lach.;     Lit.  t.;     Lf eo|^  . 
•\io*fA,,'    Maja;    N*t.  -m  ;    Nwx  m.;     AT***  t»,;    01«fi^ 
OLj.  us-T    Ox.  at.;     Fkaait^.;    Phos.  ac;    Phos  ;    Plat.. 
P uls . ;      Pyr . ;     Se u . ;     5 pig. ;     Spong. ;     S i*l .     Sn  mbmi 
Tab.;    Thea;     Thyt.,-    Vtr   \%;    Zinc, 
From  a^«mlft,  vital  dtmtni — CtnEk.,'    Diff.;     f  #fT  nrif . 
Kali  lerrnLy.;     Phufi,;     Putt.;    SpiR,;    Ver    a 

ChiJdreja  growing  too  ikit— Pbos  ac 


I 


r 


CIRCULATORY    SYSTEM 


899 


Carbo 

V.', 

Cinch., 

.V 

««  V,: 

Puh 

,;    Prun 

Cah. 

art.; 

Lach. 

I     Maich.; 

Nux    V, 

lep  Bilk  ~  A  hits    w , ;      Arg . 

Coca;    CofT,;     Hydrfic.  ac, 

v.;    T&b. 

feliuiml  c&uifli — Aeon.:  •  Cact 

Igftr:     lod,;     Lach,;     Lith 

Sep. 
,«rtlDn,  even  Bllg^teflt— Bell.;    Brom 

D  i(t.;    Iberjs;    1 0 1 1  - ;     7"/f  yr 
fief — /j?M.;    PhoK.  ac. 

eart  I tr&ln-  /I rn.;    Bor.j    Causi.;    Coca. 
ar70us    Irrititton— Atrot^.;      Coff.;      Glon.^ 

Kali  p.^    Lycop.;     MuR.  p.;     Maxck.:    Sep.; 

e&  drinking— Cinch, 
tobacco— A Kar-;    Gek  :  Strojih 
Uterine  disease — Lil.  i. 
WoTms-  Spig. 
Wttli   aB^l thi    re e tl essnevi^  .-4  f 0 n . ;     i^t h . ; 

Phiiii.;     Pula.;    Sapnn.;    Ver.  a, 
With  burning  &t  heart— Kali  c. 
With  chokiiig  in  thToat — IberiB. 
With  dytspntsa-    (ad.;     Dijr. :     Cionr,     Oleand.: 

Spong. 
With  fain  tln« — Aeon.; 
Wl th  flatul ency — Ar^. 
With  headache— ;ELh.; 


Ctin.^    Conv,; 


HyoB, 
Spiff. 


Lach. 


Phos.^ 


La  th. ,     P  e  tro  I  - ;     Tab . 
Carbo  v,^      Nux  v. 


Cham^; 
ft,,'    Cact 
Bell. 
With  heart,   labored  action,   reverbor*.**!  in  head — 

Bell. 

Wl  th  h  car  t  weak     c  otn ;    D  i  i> 

Withhot  feeling.un comlor tabl e--Ant.  t.;    Petrol. 
With  pain,  precotilial —  A  fon, ;    Cuct,:    Cham. :    CauBt. ; 
CofF.  1     Hydrcr.  ac.;    Laur.;     Mag.  iti.:    SpijR. 
^      With  sloeplcscnesf — Cim,:    Ign,  i_ 

With  stoma ch«  heavy  feeling  lii— Upas. 
With  stomach,  sinking  In     Cim. 
With  trembling — A  s  a  f .  1    R  h  us  i . .   5  w/ ,  ^j r. 
With  T ertlgO  —  jEt h .  -    C ac t  :     Ih^ris. 
With  weakness,  empty  feellni;  In  ehest — Uleaud. 
AQGEAVATION— After  eating:  Ca\c,  t.;  Nat-  m,:  Nu%^ 
A  t  approa  ch  0  f  m  em  e  s — to  ct . ;  C  rot 
At  night— .4 r jr.;    Cak.  t.^    Ign.i    Lye. 
imrlng  sleep— Alston/;   Canind.;  Ph»s.  ac. 
From  least  niOtia(n--C  act.;    Cuk.  ar*.;    DiR,,    Ferr. 
From  lying  down  -Arx,:   L ac h , ;    Nat .  m 


OOO 


REPERTORY 


-  C  Li a . ;    Lac  e, ;     L nc^. ;    Lii  i  , 
b.:    Puis.;     T&b.i    Thea, 
Arg.  tx. 


-Atunten: 


GeU 


A/o^ 


From  lyttJg  oa  left  side- 

Lye;     Nat.   m.;     I'hob 

FrozEL  l7lB£  on  rlffbt  slde- 

From  rlstog — Cact. 

Prcmi  sitting — Ma^^.  m.;    Rhus  t. 

From  sUting  bent  forward — KaL 

From  tbiDlElng  ol  It- -Ox,  ac* 

AMEHOaATlON-  Motltmi    Ferr.  ii 

FUI.8E  -FiilL   rounds  bounding,   itron^r   felt  all  orer: 

.4iri?tt,;    j^c,'     Amyl;     Antipyr. ;     Aur.^     BwU.:    l^ry.. 

Cad.;    C^lc.  ^.\    Canth.;    Fagop^i     Ferr.  m.t     GUf^^ 

Jod. ;    Lit.  Li    Oiicisin.;    O^.;    PAyio*!..-    Piioc;    Poth.: 

Puls.^    Sab.;     Vsw.  v. 

Intermit  tent — Aeon.;      A  put,;      Cact.;      €w&i*t      DigA 

Ferr.  mur.;    IhwrU:    Xgn^;    Kali  c;     Lyc&p,;    Merc 

c;    Merc,  cy.;     Nat.  m.;    Nux  m.;    Pboi.  ac-;    Rhui 

t.;    5is*^.;    Tab,;    Tereb.;    Thea;      Wr.  r. 

Intenmtt«nt,  erery   tMfd    to    Keventti    bf&t— Dig. 

MiiT.  ac. 
Irresular — ARarkinE;      Anlipyr-;     Apoii,:     Am-;    Aft- 
iodr^    Ars.;   BelL:    C&ct^:   Caffeine;    Qa^tuph^i   Cim  ; 
Cinch.;     Conv,;     Cr&i,;     Dig.;     Ferr*    m*;     Glon.; 
Hydroc.  tie;    Ibirts;    Ign.;    Kalic.;    Lach. ;    LiLt; 
Lycop.;      Naja;     Nat.    m,\     Nal.    suL;     Kux   t:G.; 
PhaseaL;    Phos.  ai^.:   Piloc;    Rhttst.;   Sec.;  Span., 
Spig,:    fiymhul;     Tdib,;    Thea;    Ver.  a.;      Vtf,  P. 
TAOHTCARDIA— B&pfd:    Abitt  ».;    Acpfi.,     Agn.:    Am. 
ars,:    Ant.  t,;     Api«3;     Ars,  iod,;     *4r«.;     Bell,;    Cad^, 
Canth.;    Colch.;    Conv.:   Cr&t.;    Dig.;    Ferr.  p.;    CWf , 
KaL;    Z-tl,  f.i*    Lyf&p,:    Mero.  c;    ii/c?r^A.;    Mur*  »t; 
Naja;    PhaseoL;    Phtis.;    Piloe.r    Pyr.;    Rhu*  t.:    Sec., 
Siroph.;    Tereb.;    Thea;    Thyr.:    Vcr-  a.     See  Weak. 
BKABTCABDIA— Blow;      Abiei^    ».,      Aden,    v.:      .4^flt.p 
Cact.;     Cam  ph.;     Cttn.  ind.^    Canth.;     Ca^u^i.;    Cti|»r., 
Dig.;       Eserine;      Gels.;      Helod.:       Helleb,;      Kd  i 
Latrod.;     Lnpui,;    Mtfrph-;    Op.;  Rkias    t.;  Ver.   ».; 
Ver.  V.    See  Weak. 
Slow,  altem&tlng  wltli  rapid — Dis.;    CW^,/    Morpb. 
Soft,     cqmpresfilblc— AcaL;       Am,;       Bapt.;       Cafftmt; 
Con  v.;     Ferr.    m,;      Ferr.  p.;     Gtlt.;     Kali  c. .     f'k^t 
Ver.  a. :     Vsr.    v.     See  Weak. 
Weak*  fluttering,  almoat   lmperoeptlt>le--^^^rf.;   Adon 

v.;     Agarictnc:     Ail,;     Am.    m,-    Ant*     ats.;    .iffl-    *i. 
Antipyr,;      ApqjCh;     Arn.;     Ars.    iod,;     Ars*;    Aspwir^ 


CIRCULATORY    SYSTEM  901 

CfLct.;      Caffgine;     Campk.;     Convn.;     Crat,;      Dig.; 

Ftrr.  m.;    Cth,;    Hydrac.  ac\:    Hyoscin.  hydrobr. ; 

lod.j     Kali  f.i     Kali  n.;    Lach.;    Laur.;    Latrod.; 

Lycop^;    Merc,  c;    Merc  cy.;    Morphn:     Mur.  oe*; 

Ox.  ac;    Op.;    PhaseoL:     Phas.;     Pkoi.  ac.{    Phy- 

GOfit.;    Rhus  t*;   Sapan.;    Sec;    Span.;   Spig.;    Sul.; 

Tab*;   Tereb. ;    Thyr^:      IVr.   a.;      V^*r.   w*;     Vis  cum 

alb.;    Zinc. 
SEKflATIONB  -  As  il  drops  w«re  IA.III11S  iromlifc&rt :  Can  s. 
Ai  If  heart  were  burning  —  Kali  c, ;   Op. 
A%  U  heart  were  cold—  Carbo  an.;    Helodr^    Kali  bich.; 

Kali  m.;    Kali  n^;    Lil.  t.;     NaL  m.;    PetroL 
As  tf  heart  were  ceasing  lt«  Ijeat— Antipyr.:    Chm. 

ars,-     Dig.;    Lob.  iiifl.i     PhastoL 
Ai  If  he&Tt  were  ceaitDS  its  beat,  tbcfn  started  iud- 

deal? — Aur.;    Conv,;    Sep. 
As  It  heaTt  were  c easing  Its  beat  when  moving  ahout» 

must  keep  still      CfKaine^     Dig. 

As  It  heart  were  ceaslns  Its  beat  when  f  estlng*  must 
move  about— Gels. 
il  As  If  heart  were  fluttering— >l crow.;  Arayl:  Apoc; 
^^L  Asaf.;  Cact.:  Cim.;  Ferr.;  Glon.;  Ibefit;  Kal.; 
^^P  Lach,;  Lil.  l.;  Lith,  c:  Mosch.;  Nat.  m.:  Nux 
1^^  m..  PhxisffoL:  Phos.  ac;  Phyioit.;  Pyr.;  Spig.: 
j  SuIh  9.C.;    Thea-      See  Palpitation. 

As  If  heart  were  s^ueesed  by  Iron  hand— Am,;    Cur*.; 

lod.;    LiLl.;    Sul 
As  If  heart  were  suspended  hy  thread-  Kali  c. .    Laeb. 
As  if  heart  were  too    full,   burstlns— B^/^.     Conv.; 

Lil.  t.;    Pyr.;    5  pig.;    Stroph,    SuL 
Ai  if  heart  were  twisted— L^cA.;    Tar  h. 
BC^reness,     tenderness     of      heart— ^rit.r       Hemalox.; 

Lith. c;    Lycop. ;     Naja;    Sec;    Spig. 
gYKCOFE— (Fatotlng)  i    Acet,  ac;    Aeon.;    Alct.;    AmyU,. 
11  Apifi;      /Iff.;      Canth.;     Ca^rbo    v.;      Cham.;      Cinch,; 

I  Dtg.;    Gloti.;    Ign.;    I  pec;    Lach.;    Linat.;    Maetiol.; 

p  M&xch.;     Nu%  m.;    Nux  v.;     Op,;     Fhos,  ae.;     Sep.: 

Spig.;  Spon^f.;  SuL;  Trilt;  Wf.  a.;  Zinc. 
L  TALTXTLAB  DISEASEg— Aeon.;  ^do«.  1/.;  Apoc;  4ft. 
M^.,^  j4r*.;  Aur  br. ;  Aur.  iod.;  Cacty;  Camph.; 
CoNtJ.,  Cfor;  Df'^.;  Ferr.t  (P^iJW,,-  Iod.;  KaL; 
Lach,;  Naia;  Ojc.  ac;  PUimb.:  Spig.;  Spong.; 
Stigm.;  Stroph.;  Thyr, ;  Viacum.  alb, 
VEINS —Engorffedt    dlstmded    (plethora):      Adoti.    v.; 


903  REPERTORY 

JEtc;     Aloe;     Are.;     Aur.;     Bellis;     Calc.    hypoph. 

Carboan.;  Carbov.;   Chin,  s.-,    Collins.;   Conv.;   Dig. 

Fluor,    ac;      Ham.;     Lept.;      Lye;       Nux    r.;     Op. 

Plumb.;    Pod.;    Puis.;    Stp.;    Spong.;    Stellar.;    Sul. 

Verb. 
Velng  engorged  (pelylo) — Aloe;    Collins.;    Sep.;    Sul. 
Velng  engorged  (portal)— iSsc;    Aloe;    Collins.;   Lept. 
Lye;     Nux  v.;    Sul. 
PHLEBITIS— yelnginfUmed:   Aeon.;    Apis;    Are.;    Bell. 

Ham.;    Kali  c;    Lach.;    Phos.;    Puis.;    Vipera. 
Phlebltig,  chronic— Am. ;    Merc.;    Puis.;    Ruta. 
Veins     yarlcoted — Acet.     ac;       Alumen;       Apis;       Ars. 

Calc.    fl.;     Card,    m.;     Perr.    p.;     Fluor,    ac;    Ham. 

Lach.;       Lye;      Paeonia;      Plumb.;       Puis.;      Ruta 

Sep.;    Staph.;    Sul.;    Sul.  ac;      Vipera;    Zinc.  m. 


LOCOMOTOR   SYSTEM 


LOCOMOTOR   SYSTEM 


AXILLA— Able  eii  In;    Hefi.;    I  rid.:    Jtigt.  r. 
PftUi  to  lailsclci.  Tight  side     Prim.  v. 
Pain  with  at  wlthi>ut  sweJltng—jMsh  c. 
Sweat  In,  profu«t,  olIenilT«--aov.i    Catc.  t.;     Kati  c.,- 
Lyc;     A'»i.  ac*    PetroL;     Fflitir.;    Sil.;    5lryfA.  p.; 

BACK— Bent,   arcli-liko,   oplithotonoi :     Ck,;     Nat.   u.; 
Nitot.;    Op.,    Pbyt.;    i^ryr/i.      i>ee  Cnnvulsions  ( Nerv- 
guB  SyiBtomJ. 
Bumincln— .4/Mfji..    .^f^  ;  Aur.  myr.;    Calc,  fl.;    Helod.; 
Melon.;     Kali  p.;     Med  ;     Pkm.;     Pier,  ac*:     Xcro- 
phyl. 
Burning  b ttw e en  a oatmlSB  -  Gld ti . ;    Lye, :    Fh 0* . :   Sul . 
Burning  In  small  spotK     AR^r:    Pft^t.;    Rftn.  b. 
Coldneiiln-   /l^jffa  i  ,    lipn:^.  aci    (?f^j.^   Gins.;   Qua^s.; 

Ra  p  h . ;    St  rye  h . ;    V  er  -  a . 
Coldneis  between  scaimLs  —  Abifac;   Am.m.;  Helofi,; 

Lachn.,'    Sep. 
Lamenesi,  sttfbi«il  to— Abmt.;     Acoti.;     BeU.:     BMfb. 
v.;  Bry.;  Calc.  c;  Campb^    monobr.;  Catist.;    CiiN.; 
CupT.  ar*..    Diosc;    Dulc;    Hehn.;    Hyper.;     KqU 
c:    Kali  p.'    Nicot,;    Pbyt.;    Rku^i,;    Sep.^    Spong.; 
Slryih.;    Sul.  ac. ;    SuL :    Zing. 
Kiambneis    in— Aeon.;      Btrh.    v.;     Calc.    p.;      Ox.    flc.; 
Oxytr.;    Sec,;    Sil. 
PAIN  In  general— A  brat.;    Aeon.;     A^se,;    Agar.;    Alum; 
Ami,  i.;     Apis;     Arg.    n.;      ,4rw.,     Bell.;      I^^rt.   v,: 
Bty,;  Cak,  p,;    Cof«.  •«rf.r  Carb.  ac.;  Caul.;  Cham,; 
Cijieh,;      Cobalt.;      Cmc;      Colch.;      Cot.; 


Cim.  ( 
Buk. ; 
bich. ; 
Merc, 


Ettp.  perf.;  G-UAca;  Ham.;  Htlon,;  Kali 
KffUc;  Kali  TO.,  Lil.  t.;  Mag.  m.;  Mag.  5*; 
Met.;  Montiod,-  Morpb-i  Nat.  m,:  A'«* 
in;  Ox,  ac. ;  Paraf.;  Pier,  ac^;  Rati,  acrift;  Hhod,: 
Rhut  t.:  Sab.:  Scolop,-  Sdtn.:  Sep.;  Siellar,; 
Stfyeh.;  Sul;  Tar.  h.;  TWItir.;  Ther.;  Ti^<3at.% 
I'/vj^,  VartoL:  Wy^th.;  Xcto^^Vl^X  .  ZVvtc. 
^GftU^  *f  if  it  wouklbr««ic  ^ai  i;tf  %  w*%^  ^*i;  ;  K**^' 


LOCOMOTOR   SYSTEM 

AXUtL^— A'bsceift  In^     Hep.;    Irid.;    Jugl.  r. 
P*lii  in  muisclGi^p  Tl^ht  side-  -  Prim.  v. 
Pain  witti  or  without  swelUns— JugL  c. 
Sweat  In,  profuse,  oflensive — Bov. ;    Cak.  c;    Kali  €.- 
Lye,'     Nil.  iic;    Petrol.;     Tsilur.;    SiL;    Sirych.  p.; 
SuL 
BAGK^Bent,   arch-like,   oplsthotonoi :     Cic:    Nat.   s,; 
Nicot.i   Op.;    Phyt,;    Sirych.      Se^  Convulsions  (Nerv- 
oys  System). 
Bumlngln— .4JwtK..    .4r*.;  Aur.  mur.;    Calc.  fl.;    Helort.; 
Htion.;     Xali  p,\     Meci,i      Pho».i     Pier,  ac;     Xero- 
phyL 
Burning  b© tw een  « capulse  - G lo n . :    Lye;    Pko$.;   Sul 
Burning  In  small  Bpotg  — A  par.;    Phot.:   Kan.  b. 
Coldness  In      Abies  l\,    henx.  ^c;    Geh.;    Gins;,;    Quass.: 

Raph.;    Sirych.;    Vcr.  a. 
Coldnes  s  be  tween  s  capulse —  A  bie»  c. ;   .4  w .  m . ;  H  eln  d . ; 

Lachn,;    Sep, 
Lamenesfi,  stlUnatS  In— Ahrot,^    Aciin,;     Bell,;     Btfb, 
[  %\;  Bry.i  Calt.  c;  Cam  ph.    monohr.  ^  Caust^;    Cim.; 

Cupr.  QTS.;    Diofic.;    Dulc;    He-iifn.;    Hyper. ^     Kali 
c.{    KaUp.;    Nicot,^    Phyl.;    Rhttf  tr;    Sep.]    Spong,; 
Sirych.-    SuLac;    Sul.;    Zing. 
Numbness   In — Aeon.;     Btrb.   v.;     Calc.    p,'      Ox.    ac; 
Oxyir,;    Seer    SiL 
PAIN  In  sener&l — Abrot.;    Aeon.;    j€tc.;    Agar.;     Alum; 
I  Ant.  t.;     Apis:     Arg,    n. ;     Am.;     Bell.;     Btrb.   v.; 

1 Bry.;  Calc.  p^;   Can.  ind.;  Carb^ac;   Caul.;  Cham.; 

^^^  Cim.;  Cinch.;  Cobalt- ;  Cccc*;  Coteh.;  Cd!.; 
^^K  Dulc;  Etip.  peff.;  Gnaco;  Ham.;  Htlon.;  Kali 
^^B  bich,;  Katii^v;  Kalim.;  Ltl.  t,;  Mag.  m,;  Mag.s.; 
^^B  Mate;     Mes.;     Mormod^;     Morph^;     Nat.  m.;     Nux 

^^B        v.;    Ox.  ac;    Paraf.;    Pier,  as.;    Ran.  acm;    Rhod.: 
^^m         Rhui   t.;     Sab.;     Scolop.;     Sden,;     Sep.;     Stettar., 
^F         Strych,;     Sul.;     Tar.    h,;     Teliur.-     Th.v-xA    TT\<afeV»^ 
l/^ii','     VarioL;    Wyeth.;    XftTop\\^\  \    Zl%tc. 

AehlBg  #v  jf  It  wauld bf  «ftk  ftsd  ^m  Vfik\—  £%€.;  fi*'^'^- 


I 


9o6  REPERTORY 

Am.    ra.;     Bell.;     Can.   ind.;     Ckel.;     Dulc:     Eup. 

perf.;    Eupion;    Ham.;    Kali  bich.;     Kal.;    Nat.  m.; 

Ol.  an.;    Phos.;    Puis. 
Aching,  dull,  conitant  (badcaelie) — Abies  n.:    jEic; 

Agar.;    Aloe;    Am.  m.;     Ant.  t.;    Apoc;     Arg.  n.: 

Am.;    Bapt.;     Beth,  v.;    Cim.;    Cobalt.;    Coccinel.: 

Cocc;   Conv.;   Cupr.  ars.;    Dulc;   Eupion;   Ferr.  p.: 

Gels.;     Melon.;    Hyper.;    Ipomoea;      Kali  c;    Kali 

iod.;     Kal.;    Lach.;    Lye.;     Morph.;     Nux  v.;    01. 

an.;    Ol.  j.  as.;    Ox.  ac;    Pallad.;    Phyt.;    Pier,  ac; 

Pulex;    Puis.;    Rhus  t.;    Ruta;    Sab.;    Sep.;    Solan. 

lye;    Staph.;    Still.;    Upas;     Vib.  op.;    Vis  cum  alb.; 

Zinc.  m. 
Between    seapiUiB — Aeon.;     Apomorph.;      Asclep.    t.. 

Bar.  c;    Calc.  c;   Can.  ind.;    Mag.  s.;    Nat.  s.;    Sux 

%\;    Phos.  ac;    Pod.;    Rhus  t.;    Sul.;    Zinc. 
Bruised — Aeon.;   Agar.;    Arn.;   Bar.  c;    Berb.v.;   Bry.: 

Cina;      Dulc.;     Ham.;     Mag.   s.;     Mere.;      Nmx  v.; 

Phos.  ac;    Rhust.;    Ruta;    Sul.;    Tellur. 
Crampy — Bell.;   Cim.;   Cinch.;    CoL;   Iris. 
Heaviness,  dragging,  weight — Aloe;    Am.  m.;    Anac; 

Ant.  c;     Benz.  ac;     Berb.  v.;    Bov.;     Eup.  purp.; 

Melon.;    Kreos.;    Lil.t.;    Nat.s.;    Sep.      See  Female 

Sexual  System. 
Lancinating,   tearing,  drawing — Asclep.   t.;     Berb.  v.; 

Col.;    Kali  m.;    Mimosa;    Nux  v.;    Seolop.;    Stellar.; 

Strych. 
Lancinating,  extends  down  thighs,  legs — jEse.;    Aur. 

mur. ;     Bapt.;     Berb.   v.;     Carb   ac;     Cocc;     Col.; 

Cur.;     Ham.;     Melon.;    Kali  c;     Kali  m.;     Ox.  ac; 

Phyt.;    Seolop.;    Stellar.;    Xerophyl. 
Lancinating,  extends  to  pelvis — Arg.  n.;    Aur.  mur.: 

Cham.;     Cim.;    Eupion;     Ham.;      Variol.:    Viscum 

alb. 
Lancinating,  extends  to  pubes — Sab.;   Vib.  op.;  Xanth. 
Lancinating,  extends  upwards — Aspar.;    Gels. 
Pressing,  plug -like — /E»c.;    Agar.;     Anae.;    Aur.  mur.: 

Benz.    ac;      Berb.    v.;     Colch.;     Hyper.;      Nux  f.. 

Tellur. 
Stitching,   piercing,    pricking — Agar.;     Aloe;    Alum: 

Apis;     Berb.  v.;    Bry.;    Guaiac;    Hyper.;     Kali  c; 

Merc.;    Nat.  s.;    Sul.;    Tellur.;    Then 
MODALITIES— AOOBAVATION:  After  emission :  Cobalt 
After  masturhatlon-  Nvnt  v. 


tocoiiuioift  svsieM 


i}o; 


Difi^c;       G«*L"o, 


Pliyl, ,     5rlpfi.: 


Frow  cold  expofiur*— Acofi.  -    Bry.;    Rk(*it.,    SmI 
From  ilAJiip  Giposure— Phyt*;    Rkn*.  t. 
From  exertlQii — Bfrh.  v.;   Cocci    Kali  p.     S«e  Motion 
From  )&rp  ^ueb — Ac&n..     Ifry.;    Kali  hich,;    i*ot».  infl.. 

Mez.:     TtUuT. 
From  motion  I  wmlldiif— .€«e;     Al«o;     ^«l.   I*;     ll«4l,; 

i?j->- .     Caust   ;     Chel.;     Cinch.:     Ciilck.;     K*Ubkh,; 

Ka/i  r.:     Me^t^     Xms  v,;    Famr,;     Ran,  acrj*i    SmL 
FrankTe^t,  EXltiD^—Afiaf.;    Ant.  r.    £r#r^.  y.;   Cobfclt.; 

Ferr    mur.;     Ldc  r  ,     Merc,    Nu^v,.     /?Ah«  f.;    Sttl.  < 

From  standing — j€»c  ;    BeU.-    Nux  v, 
From  itooping — jEtc;       Berb.     v,; 

Tdlur 
Ftom  warm  til—  Kali  $.;    Puis.  ^    Sul, 
In  momlDff — Brrb    r  ,     Hry.;     Con  v. 

WBen  Ttslnf  from  teat— ArR,    n.;      Btrb    t-.,     CauM 

AMELIOEATION -From  bendln«  forward:    l.-b    <nH, 
Frotm  «imla&icin  -Zinc,  m 
From  lyin^  on  atMiomon — Acet.  ac. 
From  ly Infi  on  back -—  €\^ba It.;   Nat.  i n  ■    R h u »  t 
From  lylne  on  Bomettiinc    tiard»    or    firm    iupport 

E  u  jj  i  o  ii ;     A'  I j/ .  »! . ;     A' ,/(  ux  L;    y  c  i> , 

From^motionrWallclDs-  Aric  n  h  B«11.;  C«mi. .  cx^fr^ifr, 
Pert,  miir.'    Helon.;    Kali  m^;    Meri.%,     Putn.;    f^hnu 
J,.    Sep*;    Sul. ;    Zinc. 
From  rest — JE^q. 
From  urtn&tlon —  t  yc ,    M  e  i! . 
WBAJO*ESB— Of  bac^:    Abrot.;    Mic    kI.;    Mmc.:  Alwm  ; 
Ant.   i.;    Aril.;     Berlj,    v.;     Calc,  p.;     Vin^k.:    Cocc  ; 
Graph.;    Htlon.;    If^ti^i    Jac^nr, ^     Kali  v.,     M^fc^   JDx. 
ac;     PboB.    ac. ;      Phoa.;      fur     ac,;     Porl. ;     ,Sfjfr*(c  ; 
Srp*;    Sil  :    Siapb. 
JBOHY— Bruliedi   >or«  f«eiyaff,  Ut  ov«r;     Ap)»t     .4rH., 
Bapt,:     Bellifi;     Cauat.;     Cic. :     CtKcJi..      Hup.    p*fi-: 
G»h,i   Ibef.:    Med.;    Morph,:    Kux  in^;     l*hyt.,    Pmjr  ; 
J'yr.;     Rkiii  I,;    HMtQi    Bolan.  lye.^    Siwph,,     Thlty&; 


I 


Wyeih. 


In  vmriimt  i«rti  of —Aeon,;    Akhi 


Aph 


AfM..    Canth.;  Capti.,    Carboan.,  ^Vj%  %^.      V^«* 


Coldii«iS  of — Aeon,:     Mth.:    Ant.   tr,     Ars. ,     Bar.  i«  , 
Bar.   ac-     Cadm,   s.i     Camph.^     CanjphH.    Tuonobr.i 
Chloral:    Hgtod.;    Jaifffpha;    Lacbn.;     Luff  a;    Sff.; 
Tab.*,     VfTr  ar    2iiic.  to, 
NUmbt&QlB    ttt — Aeon.:      Ars.;      Cic;      Con,;       Ds,    a^:,; 

Phos.;    Plumb,  tn.;    Smc. 
Bwelllns    of — A  pit;      Doryph,;      Frag.     See     Dropsy 

(Generalities)* 
TrimtlllllC    Qt—Agar.;      Cod.;      Co».,'      Hyos,;      Iber. ; 
Lonic;    Myg. 
COCCTX — Bumlnir  Q(&  touoli :    Car  bo  an 
Itching  of     Bov. 
KuinlmeBS  or — Plat. 
FAiiiK  In  (c(i0cyg<>4yiiU)"AntH  %.;    Am.;     Btll.:    Bty, 
Cauit.;    Caatorea;     Cic;     Cim.;     Cistus:     Ferr.  p.; 
I  Graph.;     Kali  bich.:     Kali  c;     Kali  iod. ;      Krarn., 

^  Lack,;     Mag,  p,;     Merc,;     Paris;     FetroL^     Rhm  I  , 

RHta;    Sil.;     Tar.  k.;    Tetradym;    Zinc,  m, 
Bmised — Am.  m.;    Am.;    CaAisl.;    SuL 
Drm^elng,  drftWing  —  a  n t    t. ;    Ca UMt. ;    Gra ph . ;    Krc ds . 
Teaiini:,  lanclnatlxig — Bell;   Catith.;    Cic.;    Kali  bicti 

Mag.  p.;    MtTC. 

tnoet  Of— PJFonia. 

£XTfi£MITI£S^Ooldn«ss  of:    Aconj    Agar,  ph.;    Cal^ 

c;    Cafe,  p.;    Coceiuel. ;    CoUh.;    Ctal,;    Dulcj    Ffff' 

m.;     Hedeoma;     Hgtodr;     Hydroc.    ac;     Ign.;     Kal.. 

Lol.  tera.;    Ironic.;    Meli.;    Merc;    Af iif,  ac;    Nux  m  r 

Op.;     Phyt.;  Quass.;    5^ffe.;  Sulphon.;    Vtr.  a.;  Zinc.  m. 

Itching  Qf—Arundo:    Kali  c.i    Pallad.;     Pkm.;    Prun. 

v.;    Val, 
LameneMr  Ktlffneat  of^v^^iir.;   Agaricine;   Aloe;   Cak. 
p.;     Carba    v.;      Cacc;      Encai,:     Ipee.;      Kali    p-, 
Lith.  €,;    Tnost,:    Xerophyt;    Zinc,  m. 
Niun1me$Sf    tingling   of,    fall   aileep— >icpi«.,*     Arai} . 
Arg.  n,;    Bar.  c;    Calc.  p.;    Carbo  v, ;    CauH.;  Cicr. 
Cinch.;     Cq€c,;     Helod.;      Kali  c;     Kal. ^     Lonk  : 
Mi^tpk.;    Kftt.  m.;    Op.;    Qx.ac;    Pbos.;    Pier,  ac; 
Plat.;  Sfr.r  Sil.;  Solan,  n.;  Tkall.:  Ver.  a.;  2inc.  m. 
FAIKS  Hf— AotOn^;    j^ec;    Apis;     Am.;    At*.;    Atadir  . 
jBrjj^.,'     Cauat.;      dm.;     Can.;     Cur.;     CycL;     Eucal  . 
G*h.;    Hedfeuma;    KaL ;    Afrfff.;    Pi'c/.    Quaes.;    Ran 
EC,;    Rh^d.;    Rhus  r;   Sbc;    Staph.;    5f*//iir.;   Tbyr 
Bone-palni  — Aran,;    Calc  p.;    Enp.  pwrf.;    G*l»,;     Kuh 
bich.;    Kali  iod.;     Mang.  ac;     Mag,   mur, ;     Mtft,i 


■ 


LOCOMOTOR   SYSTEM 


9=^1 


SOMf., 


^  Mat.;     Phot,   ac;     Ran.   a€^;     Rhtis    ven.: 

t    Sars.;    SHU.;    Stront.;    Trios t. 

ramp^llke,  ^onstrlctliiir— Altimea;    Antipyr. ;     ,4j(z/,;1 

Canth.:    Carbon  s.l    Cacc;    Coi.;    Croc:    Cuprum.;] 

Gins,;    Menyanth,;    Sec;   Stryek*:     Vtr,  a. 
TTAtiCt  fly  fttKHit— CfluJ.;    Iris  J     KaJi  bich,:      Kali  s.; 

Kfrl. ;    Lace;    MagnoL;    Mang.  ac;    Pbyt*;     Puis.; 

SaL  ac;    Stellar. 
TOWfUg-PAint — Calc  p.  ■     Gtiaiiic;    Hippom, ;    Phos  ac. 

^ee  Bones  (Generalities). 
euralclo      lanclnatliiff,     tearluc,     tiiootlng—Accn.; 

BelL:    Branca;    Carbgn.a.;    CauL;    C/iam.;  Daphne: 

Elat,:      EucaL:      Kali    c;      Ka].;     Lye:      Mag^    p,; 

MagnoL;    Mimotn;     Ox.  ac;    Phyt.;     Rhod.,     Sar^.; 

Strych. 


Anag,;  Api^;  Am.; 
Bty,;  Calc.  e,;  Caic,  p,; 
Kali  c;  KaL;  Lacr  c; 
Rhad.;    Rkns  t.;    Sane  ; 

P*iy^;    rftoii,;    Veralrin: 


Ji  eunm  tleo  -^OMtf— Aeon.; 
Aspar.;     BelK;     Branca: 
Caul. ;     C  Ka  m. :     B  ucol . : 
l#yc,:     Mffc^;     Prun,   v^; 
Sticta;    Siallar. 
tiook^llke,  pii&lytkc^Cina: 

Ver.  V,:    Xanlh. 
pr&lnedt  dlKloeated  feeling— .4 tm.;    Calc.  c.;    Cimh.; 

Rhus  t.;     Rttta.      See  Joints. 

^rRlyiiB^Acon.:      Alntn.:     Bar.    qc:     Can»t,;     Ccn.; 

Cur.;    Dub,;    Dttk.;    Hedeoma;    Lo/. /#m.  /  Nux  %*.; 

Oleand.;    Op.;    Phas.;    Rhus  t.;    Sec.      See  Nervous 

System. 

aln s  of,  cht on  1  c — Pc t r f j1  . ;    St r&nt ,     See  Gen fcralit ies . 

pt chine  of*  contmually — Amyl;    Uuasa. 

[iblinc«     twitchlniT,     jaridiiK     of— Aeon.;       Agar.; 

I  Apis;      Arg.    n.;     Bell.;     Calc.    p.;     Caust,;      Cimy; 

I  Cinch.;    Cina;    Cqvc;    Con.;    Cupr.  ars,;    Cupt,  m.; 

\GetM.;     Helod.;      Hyp^t.;      Hyuis.;     Ign.^;     Kali    c; 

Loltem.,    Lonic:    Ma^.  p.;    Merc;    Mftrpk.:   Myg.i 

}p,:     Ph&i.;     Phyj^ost,;     Rhus   t.;     Stc;     Stram.: 

ttryck.;    Sulphon.;     Tat.  h.;    Thall.;      VaL;    Viola 

|d,:    Xerophyl.:    Zinc  m.;   Zincs.      See  Weakness. 

[|«iit    debility    of — M\h.\      Am.    canst.;     Anac; 

■pia;    Arx.;    Asar  ;    Bdlis;    Biatn.:   Calc.  c;  Cauftt;; 

Iw*.;   Cocc;   Con.;  Cur.:  Cyprip.;    Dig,;   Eucnl!.; 

\h.;   Gins.:    Hippom^;     Kali  bieh,;    Kal.;    Merc,; 

Wi.  ttc;     Nat.    m.j     Ox.    an.;     PAojr,    or.;     J^Aan, ; 

tr.  ac;    Plai.;     Prim,   v.j    Scutel.;     Sep.;     Sil. ; 


r 


yip  RKPKRTORY 

Stann,,-  B\dphon.\    Tkatl.;    Thuya;    Ver 

Ml.     See  Neurasthenia  (Nervoufi  System), 
UPPER    EKTBBMXTIES  — AEM:   See  Extrflfniti«$  in  Rcn 
eral. 
Coldneifi  af-Raph.;    Vcr   a. 
Oancrenous  ulc«r$i.tlon  of  -  Ran   rlam. 
He&Vlnesi  of — Aeon.;    Alum,;    Can,  ind-;    Titn,;    (-iff. 

Ham.:    Latrod.^    Ver  a. 
Intolerant,  o*  loand  ground-  Ov.  ^.    i>, 
Itching  of — Payop. 
Jerklngi  InToluntary  motltw  of— ^i^crr  ,    Ant.  r.,   t'u 

Ctna;    /p^t.,;    Lact    v.;    Op.,     Tkasp. 
Jerkiii£*  ot  Involtmtar?  motion,  of  one  arm,  and  Icf 

Apoc.  ■     Br  v.;    tieileb.,     Myft.;    2*mc*  xn. 
LuneneEE,  stUInefK  of — Acqn. ^     Bnpt.;     Cau$i..    €ar. 

ind.;     Karis,     Rk^s  ?'*«,;    ThRSp.t     \''er.  a. 
Nodulea  on— Hippoz 
NiUDbneiS    of»    fall   t^lttsp—  Acdh,;     Ambra;     As  tar  , 

C'act,:  Clm.;  Cocc;  Graph.;  Iber, *  Lair&d,;  Mag.  m., 

Mag  Qui- *    Nux  t'-/   Paris;    Fhag,;    RhuM  1,*    Xanth. 

PAINS  IN^AluDfi.:    Anag.;    Cdiml..'    Citmab.;    Eup.  ftrj. 

Perr.    pier.;      Gu&co;      Gnaiac;     Indium;      Mag.    m., 

Ph yi . ;    Rhui  t.:   Sang. /    Solan .  1  y c ► :    SuUar. ;    Sti<?t* 

SuL:    Wyeth.:    Zinc.  m. 

P  tin  in  1  eft  trm—  As  ter. ;    C&ct . ;    C  i  m. ;    J  be  r.  t   Laifod  : 

MagnuK;     Mag*  s  ;     Rhusi  i.:    Spig.:    Xo^nth. 
Pain  in  riff  lit  aim — Ftrr.  mitr.:    Fcrr.  pier,;     Pn^  m  . 

RhuF,  \. :    -SciH^,,-    Solan^  lye;    Wyethh 
AcMng—Hapt.;    Berb.  v.;    CatmL^    JaL ;     Lith.  c  ;    N«i 

ftTs.;    01.  j.  as.;    Sarrac. 
Bruised,    oinmp-lllce^Acpn.;     Twr.;      rhctf,    uc;    Sui 

ac:     V'er.  v.;    Zitu.  jr. 
Neuralffic    (bracbyalffia) — Act^n.    md,;    Alum.;     fln'  . 

Hyptr,;     Kali   c, i      Ko/.;     Lye.;      Merc.;      -Vksf  i' , 

Pip.    m.;     Puis.;     Rhm  L,     Scutf;!.;     Sul  ^     Trmr 

Vcr.  a.:    Vifii^uTn  alb, 
S en Elbit i ty ,  diiiihil«h«d — Ca rbon  ».-    P ha& 
Weaknesi  of  -.4; If miTK;    Cr«f,;    lod.:    Laci;  :     \,r    :■ 

Sil.;    -SjaKB. 
FO  REARM — Sea  E  xt  re  m  S  t  ies 
GoldnesE  of— Arn.;    Broin. 
PAln  in — Cinnab, :     Hup^  psrj,;    Ferr.  mur, ;    Kerr,  pit  f 

Gsh^i     Guaco-      Uypgf  ,      Kiili    c. ;       Kal.;      Phyi 

Rhui  t.,    Staun. 


r 


LOCOMOTOR   SYSTEM 


gu 


y  El  I  of   -Arg.  Ti.]    Nux  V,      See  Nervous  System. 
i«S  »  Of  flexor  c».rpl  uliia  rl »~  R  rac  h  y  j?l 
BullneES  of  muscles  of  forearm*  h&ndi— C^ust^ 


Amy[; 
Stront.      Sec 

Med.;     OL  i. 


Cact, 
Cinch,: 
Thuya ; 


Trifol.; 
Stann.; 


— Blueness  of,  distended  yelns:    Am 
[1^  i.;     Carbc  an.;     Oleancl.;     Samb-^ 
/&ilo&is  (Circulatory  Systern)^ 
mlns,  he&t  Of  -Aeon.:    Cocc;    Lack., 

as.-     Ph(}!i\;    Si\.;    Sui. 
bjippt&£    df — Cute,    c;     Xat.    ari.:      A'ijI. 

S3^^^.;     Snlphiir.  at. 
oldncss  of — Aeon,;    Ant,i.;    Api^^;    Art.'. 

c;      Cijffjph.;      Carbon,    ax.;     Cic 

DiK.;     lod.:     *Vfp«yflni/(,;     Tab,: 

4?  ramps  of  (writer  i) — Arg^  m.;  Am  bra;    Ctlx.: 

Kul.      See  Nervous  System. 
EnlAi^ed  feellnc  Of— HftJu.,    Cocc;  Gins..    Kali  n, 
Eruption  on— Cistus:    Pcdic:.;    Pix  i.     See  Skin. 
ridgetiy — Kalibr.;    Myg.:    Tar.  h.;    Zinc.  m. 
Itching  Of    -Tellur. 
Nodosities,  souty,  on  dorsum  at- -Am,  phcs,;    EucaL- 

Mcii.      Sec  F'iiii,*rrs. 
Numbnesfi  Of,  go&sleep     Aeon.;;  Ars.:  Bi^r,;  Can.  ind.; 

Cauift.j     0)rr.,      Cod,;      Colth,:     Graph,;      Hyper,  ^ 

Ibtr.;     f^hoR.;    Pbysost.;    Pyr.;    Rar>h. 
F&lns  in— Bruised:    /?i^«;    Ver.  a. 
Liuaclnatln^      C^J;,    Lai^pai    Selen.;   Sul, 
Rheunntlc  — Ambra;    Rerb.  v.;    Cfltii.;    Cautt,;   Guaiac; 

L  e  d . ;      /^  ii  Is . ;     Rk  us  i. ;     R  ut  a ;    Sol  a  n .  lye . 
PAUIO-  Blliters  on   -  B  u£u. 

Bumlnff    ot      A7.adiT.:     Fcrr.    m-i      Fcrr,    p,;      Gsdus; 

Lack.;    Luchn^;    LimuL;     OL  j\  as.;    Petroi.;;    Pkos.; 

Prim,  v.;    Prim,  ob.:    Pul«.  nut.;    Sanfi.;  Sul. 
Chiippln^,  flisurlnf  -Calc.  fi.;    Ran.  b. 
Grampsol  -Cupr^tn,:  Scrophul,;   ZinB- 
D  eaquamatlon  of — El  a  i  »& . 

Eruption  of.  dry.  bran -like,  Itdiliil^-Anai;.;    Ar^^ 
Itching  Ol      Am.  s.  a.;     fagap.^     fJniKat,:    Han,  h. 
Pains  In-Azadir,;    TnfQl. 
SweAtlns  Of— Calc.   c:     Con.:     ffuor    iu\:     Pier,   ac  , 

Sirych.  p. 
Yellow  color  Of  ^-Che^l,:    Sci>-     Scse  Skin 


Warti   on—Anae*:     Ant.   c.:     Calc, 


DuU. 


Fin. 


ma^.; 


Ferr,  picf.;    N*t.  c;    Nat*  m.;     /?fl/a. 


QTS  REPKHTORY 

StUmes^  Of  hands  while  writing— Kali  n 
Sw6a.tin^    of  —  Cak,    €.;     Cocc:      Fluot. 

BweUlug    at  —  JE-scr,      Apu^      Arif.     n.;     Arytidoi 
CTtict,;      Crolr;      Fern    p.^     Nat*     chlor. ;     Rhu 
See  Dropsy  i,OeuerftHlies). 
TvltdUne,  tr«inl)Ilzic>  weakneM  of — Act.  «p.;    ^ff.  n.; 
Cic:      rptt.,      CfJM,;      Ci^r.,      CiU.:      Hifiprim-;    L»cl 
v.i     Lol.   tcm  ;     Afag.   ^.;    Msrc;    Ph&s.;   SiL.    5fdliH; 
iff  ram.;    Sul.'    Zitic. 
FIKOEES     BiueneiSt    caldneas   of— Cupr. 
See  Hami^. 

Blue,  numl),  &liri7elled»  iPTei4l  ap&rt,  or  lieni  back- 
wards -Sec. 
Burning  of — Ar,adir.;   Gins.;    Oleand.;    Sai^.;    Sui. 
Chapped   tips  of— Alum.;    Gmph.;     Nat*    m,;     p€ifd. 

Ran.  b,;  Sars. 
Oramp-llke,  con^i-acted,  elendilnc  ot—^tk,;  Ainbra; 
Anafi.;  /Ir^v  m.;  liisin.;  BrachynL:  Can.  s.j  Cn.^ 
CulchiciiK  Capr.  JSt.;  Cupr.  m.;  Cyel-:  Dioeic:  , 
Hflhh.;  Kali  bicb»;  Latiroc;  Pari&i  5*^,;  Soltn- 
t.;  Sni.  at:. 
Eruptions  of— Anac:     Bov.:     Graph.:     PtircL,     Pnm 

[jb.;     Hhus  i^;    Sars,;    Selen.      See  Skin^ 
BxQBtoaes  of  — Calc.  fl.;    H^kla 
Hypertrophy  of— Aur.  mxn. 
ItcliiJig  Ijetween — Phos   ac.     Sqg  Skin, 
Jerking,   when   holding  pen-Cautt.:     CycL;     Smum  , 

Sul.  ac. 
Joints  of r  infiamcd,  painful  —  B^n?.,  ar. ;    B er b.  v .  i    Bi-y . . 
Fluor,  ac;     Med.;      Nat.   p.:    Pip.   rn. ;     Prlni,  «ylv., 
Rkiist.;    Staph.'    Sifllar.      Sec  Rheutnatism, 
Joints  of,  nodosities  on— *4wj.  pkofi.:    Bern.,  ac:    Ben- 
^oia;    Calc*fl.;    CauL;    Colck.:    Lrcd.;     /,>if,;  iitarili 
Stellar.      See  Joints. 
Jointi  Of,  Stia— OiMi;    Prim,  sylv.;     Puis.      See  Joints 
NumbneHs,  tlngUiic  of  fliigeri^Ars.:    A«ter.;    Cocaint 
Con.;     Dis:      Ox.   ac;      Paru;     Mag.   s.,     Nat*  m. 
See;    Si  I.;     Tknli.;    Thuya;    Upas:    Verba*  c. 
Pains,  at  root  of  nails— Berb.  v.^    Bism,;    Ctpa, 
Fains  In  gee eral — Abrot.;    Azadir,;    Lil,  t^;    Sec. 
Pains  in  tips  of-  Am,  m.;    Bor.;    Chel.',    Hypvfr,    Kuli 

c;    Sec:    Sil.;    Teticr. 
PttnSf  rheiunatlo— ^ct.  tp,;    AtU,  c;    Berb.  v.;    C^wl^ 


^^        Fafloi 


LOCOMOTOR   SYSTEM  913 


Fagop.;  Granat.;  Guaco;  Hyper.;  Lappa;  Lid.;  Itiih. 
c;    PfPonia;  Ran,  sc;  R.hus.  i.     See  Rheumatism. 
Falns  teftTlja^ — Act.  up.;    Am.  m.^    CanL-    Ced.n    Puis. 
Fains  thirobblnir—ATpyl;    Bor. 
SenslMUty,  dloilnlibed — Carbon  i,;    Fop.  c. 
Sensitive  to  cold—Cixtus:    Hep. 
Sidn*  dry,  ahfivelled-  ^th,     Seg  Skiti. 
gorenesB  between  — Nat.  ars.     See  Skin, 
S tlfBies I »  rig Jdi ty  of — Ca rbn  11  a , ;    (>a  w ^  ,►    Olea n d ►     See 

Joints. 
SwellllLg  of      Am.  €.;    Carbon .  s,;    Cinnam.;     Kali  m, ; 

Liih.  t,,  Oleand,;  FuU.;  Thuya, 
TtUok,  tomy  Up*  Ot — Ant.  c;  Pop.  c. 
Ulcers  of-   Alum.;     Bur. 

We&rLneaB   of--Bov,;     Cur.:     G»h.i     Hip  pom*;     Phos. 
Se.c  Hand. 
LOWER     EXTEEMITIES     BUTTOCKS  I    (Oliltel):    CoM 
feeling  Ini    Daphnt. 
Gold  leeltng,  leel  aileep — Calc.  p, 
Bmaciation  of-    Lalhyr. 
pain  to  hlps>  small  of  back— Staph. 
PrldElng  in— rruaiac. 
LOINS- Liambago;    Pains  In:    Aeon.;     Act.  sp.;     M&c.; 
Agar.;     Aloe;     Ani.  t,:     Am.;    BeB,;     Bwrh.  v.;     Bry^; 
Carb,  ac;   Caul.;   ChaTn.;   Chel.;    Citn.;   Cipa;  Colch.; 
Dfih.,'     Eup-    perf.:      Ferr.     m.;      Gnaph.;     Quaiac. ; 
Hydi-. ;      Hymosa;      Kali    bich.;      Kali    ox,;      Macrot.; 
Mercs.:     Nux  v.;    Pampin,;    Phyt^r    Rhus  t,;    Ruta; 
Spirant}], ;    SuS. ;    Tercb. 
Alternates,  wltli  headacliep  pilei — Aloe. 
With  aggravation  In  open  air — A  par. 
Wltli  aggravation p  on  beginning  to  nutre,  r«llevfed  hy 

continued  motion-   Calc.  fl.;    Rkua  t. 
With   dironlo   tendency- jEsc;     Berb,   v,;     Calc.   ^.; 

Wltn  nnnLbneBSt  tn  lower  part  of  Imcki  weight  In 

pelvis  -Gnapti. 
With  relief,  from  slow  walbliig— Ferr,  m. 
With  T«tchlng,  coldt  clammy  sweat*  from  least  mo- 
tion—Ant. t. 
,   THIGHS  AND  LEO&— Blue,  painful,  swollen,  If  iianglng 
down:    Lathy r. 
Burning  Qf^j4f*.,'  Arundo;  Bar.  ac;  Bar.c;  Mez.;  Still. 
I       fJoldnesi  of^-Alurn.,    BerK  v,;    Bjsm.;    C^k.  f.,^   Ci 


9U 


REPERTORY 


p.;     Carb^  v.;    Crot.;     Lact.   ac,^     Lact.    v.,     Liiur  . 

Mpz.:    Os;.  at.  1     Tab.;      V>r,  a, 
Gon tiT& G  tloni  of  bam itrUi£i»  tendonf  -   .4  tn .  m  ,    i  auit 

Cimcx;    Col 
Cury^  limbs,  cannot  be  fitTalKbtened,aiid  Tiie  Ttm- 

Ck. 
Emft elation  of —  Ahrat.;     A cc t .  a c . ;     K al i  io d . ;     Laikyr  . 

Pin^  sylv. 

Enlarsement  of  femur.  In  ractUUc  Infants — Calc.  ^. 

Eruptions  on — Chyrsar.;    Graph.;    Petrol.      See  Skin 

ExcoHatloiii  itetdng  o?er  tlMa-  EIsth. 

Heavin«li  of'  .4/iim.,  Can.  ind.;  Cim.:  Ct?B.;  Gusia; 
Helleb.;  Med,:  Pallad,;  Picf.ac:  Ser  ;  SalpHoTi  . 
5 id.;    Vcrbaad    Vib^  op* 

Itcblnif  Of  —  Bov. :    Fagop.;    SttUar. 

Motion  of,  inyoluntary— Bry,;  Helleb^;  Myg^  Set 
Trembling, 

NumbnesSi    formication    of,    *'eolng    asleep"— Ag*r 

Afmn;     Calc.  f.:    Caust.;    Carbon,  s, ;    Cocc;  Col  , 

Crot-;    Gnapk.,    Lact.  v-;    Mesc.;     Nux  tf^;    Onafrm-' 

rhoif  ;     Rhu9  t^:    Sec:    Tar,  ha     Trtojf,/    Eioc.  m 

PAINB— In  general :   Can.  ind.;   Cap^r,    Carbon,  b,;  Cartx^ 

an.;     CheL;     Diad.;      Diosc;     Euphorb-;      Ferr    m  ► 

G*Ib  . ,    Gfiupk.;  M  eto  d  - ;   I  en . :    Indigo;     A'a  Ji  r* ;    K^^  : 

Lach<;     Mag.   m.;     Mapg,   ac. ;     Mang.   ojt. ;     McBiap:^ 

Nat.  IS.;    PhoK.  ac:     Pkag.;     Pinmb,  m.;    Ptils..    /^^*i 

f..'    Sab.-    TrifoLi    Tongo;    Vib.  op,;      Fi>#ra. 

Acblng.  brsiised— .4rii.,  BapL;  Cim.;  Cocc;  tMck, 
DioEc^:  ZIw^.  i>#ff.;  C#l*.;  Gtiaiac;  La\i:r.;  Lil 
t,:  Mpd,;  Phot,  ac;  Pyr.:  Sab.;  Sep.;  SgUw 
lye;    Staph-:    Ulnus;     V'aW*?/* 

0  ramps*  contractions  ot—jE^c.  gL;  Am  bra;  Am.  l^f  • 
Am.  iM.;  Anac;  AtK.;  fiapt.;  Calc*  c,  Cflw?*  ► 
Carboan.;  Caust;  C  ho  J  est.:  Cimex*  Cim  :  Cocf.: 
Col.:  Colch.;  Cupr.;  Ferr.  m.;  Gffi.;  Hvp*r. 
Hycis.;  Jatrophaj  LoL  tem.;  Lyc.r  ifaf,  f . 
Med.;  Nnxv.;  Piti.  sylv,;  Pliiimb.  m,;  5#r  ;  Sil  . 
Stilan.  l;    Sh^,;     Ver.  a,:   Vipcra;    ^inc.  3. 

Eendlnff^  tearlns*  lanctnattne— Jm.  m,*    Bspt.:    Oar 

ac;     B^U.;     Cobalt.;     Dime:     Hyptf,;     Kali  bkti 
Kal.;     Piumfr.    Mi  ;     Puis,;      Rhu$  U;     SiiJ*;    Teuef 
VisciiTn  alb, 
Bheumatlo— Berb-  v.-     /Jo.'    CheL.    Daphne;    D^^ 
Led.;     r^yi,;    Rlin*  Xr.    Vnl.     S«e  Rbenmaiwtn 


UiCOMLilOR   SY3TB1I 


Q^S 


TlblL.  palui  In— Car  bo  an , ;    Dnic. ;    Ferr.  m,  \    K&li  huh.: 

Lacb.'    MariK-  oJt,:    jI/^z.;    PIiqs. 
ParaJjill  ©f— Aiiar.;    Alum.;     Cdw,  ind.;    Chel.;    Cocc; 

Cfat.;      Gels.;       Gnuco;  ^    Kali     iod.;       Kali     tarl.; 
L  Lathyr.;    Oltand.;    Plumb.  1x1.;.    Kk*tf  t-;    Sulphon.; 

Tab.;    Tkail.      See  KerYous  System- 
BeCUetf,  fldiret?-  t^tff^;    Cim. ;    Lil,  t.:    AJtfi.;    Mgny 

iiHth.;    Merc.c.H    Rhuttr;    Rtita^    ScuteL:    Sulphon.^ 

Tarax.;    Thasp, ;    Zinc,  jti.;    Zinc,  v^ 
BdKUll ty  1  i tilTne«  &»  lamenes  a  of  -  /I  r^ .  m  . ;    B  a  | j  t , ;    C  »<:. , 

Cotch.:       Con.:       Di&sc. ;        Eup.      P^rf.;       Gua^mc; 

Lathyr^;    Plat,;    Khun  t.:    Sep.;    Stryeh,^    Xerophyl 
8«iiBll3Ult7,  dlmlniihed— Ox-  aci     Phoa,     See  Nervouf* 

System. 
Benilbillty,  Lncreased—Lathyr.     See  NervDu»  System, 
S  tro  tdilng  of — H  cl!  e  b , ;    H  el  o  d ,      S te  F  e  v  er. 
sweat  df«  coldi  elMXom^,  at  P,M,— Mere. 
swelling    af— .4£:^i.    ac;      Apu:      Ar*.;     Aur.:      Ca^i,, 

Cliel.;      Dig,;     Eup.    perf . :      F^rr.    m.;     Fluor,    ac, ; 

»  Graph.;  Lathyr*;  Lye,;  Merc,;  Rhua  i,;  Samb.: 
Stront.:  Sitpph.:  Sitl..  Thyr.;  Viacrum  alb.  Sue 
Dropsy  (GenefaliLi^). 
Trcmliliiis  ol— jEac.  gl.-  Atk,  m.;  C'obali.;  Cocc,. 
Culch.;  Con.;  Ctir. ;  Durypli.,  6^d*.,  Lol.  letn.. 
.^/iiJipja.'  Tab, 
mceri  (^t—Ars.;    CtntHs;    Lyc.^     Rhus  t,;    Trifol.      Sec 

G<?iie  rail  ties. 
Wemkneii  of,  easily  tatlg^ied— j5^c.;    Aivmen.    Alumi 
ArB*  m*:     Arg^  n.;     Herb,    v.:    Calc.  p.;     Com.  »m</  ; 
Cobalt,;     Cocc;     Culch.i     Csn,;     Cypr.    m.;     Cur.; 
Dig.;    Ferr.  m,;     Formieu;     GvU,;    Ham,;    Kali  c; 
Lttch.;       Nat.    m-;      Nux     v.;      OleaHd.:     Onosm. : 
PbelUnd.;     Phos.  ac;     Pho».;     Pier.   Jr  ;     Rhus  t.; 
Rtita;    SrirrHc;    Statin.,    Su\  ,    Vib.  op. 
ET— AlleotioiW  o!  liall,  Wid  doMum  at  tO«s :    Can.  & 
lufmlsg  of — Apie;     Azadir.;     Branca;     Bof,;     Helod,; 
Loch.;     Mtd.;     Phus.  ac;     Phai.,     Sfec.;    Sil.;    SttL 
dlooB  Of— Rhod.^    Sil.     See  Skim 
[lUblalai  of — Abfut.;    Agar;    Tamiis.      See  Ski«. 
licLneiB  of— Aeon. ;    Ars.;    Catnpb.;    Carbo  an.;    Catho 
CheL;     tistus;     Dip:.;      Dule.;     Elaps;     Htlcid.; 
Lack;    Ljrc;    Mtnyanik.;    Mwr.  ac;    Qleand.;    Fic! . 
ac;   Samb.;    Etc.;    Sep.;    Sit.;    SuL;    Triinl.;    V'*r.  it. 
a,  Glunmy— Bar.  c;  Caicc;  Laur,;  Sr^.r  SUvcVl.  v. 


gifi 


REFSRTORY 


CoMneBB  of  one:,  wirmtli  of  otHtket—  Cinch*^    Dig.^  Iptit ; 

Lye. 
Enlarged  Jeellng  of — Apia* 

Erupticms  on — Bism.:    Graph.;     Pwtrot,      See  Skk^ 
Fidgety  — Kali  p.;    Med.;    Zinc.  m. 
HEELS — RlUters  on:    Cayst. 
Burning  In— Cycl,      See  Feet, 
KumttnesG  of — AUim.',    \gr\. 
Ob  Galcls,  pain  In — Aran. 
PAINS— In  gcnerml:     Agar.:     Am,    c;      Am.    m,:    Cak 
caust.;     Caust.;     Ctflch,;     CycL;     Ferr-    rn.;     Grapli.; 
"  Lrd.;  Alang,  ac;  NaL.  arSri   Phot,  ac,;   PhyL;  Hap.  b* 
Rkttg  t.:  SRh. ;  SU.;   Tetradyn.;  Upas;    VaL;  Zisx*m 
Aching,  bruised — Laur.;    Led.;     Phyt.;     Rhus  t. 
Ulcerattve    -Am.  m.;  Kerb,  v,:  Phot.ac,:  Pvds.;  Ran.h 
Sorenesi  of  — Cyd.,    JaL;    Kali  bich.;    Med. 
Tendo  AebllieBi  p&in  In — AriatoL;     Bern.,  ac;    Cnusi. 
Cim.;    Igti.;    Med.:    Mur.ac;   Nat.ara,;    Tetfadyn ; 
Upas :     VaL 
TTlcerE  on  heeli — Cepa. 
Itching    of    feet  —  .4 gar,;     Ant.    s,   a.;     B^w.;      Magud; 
Nat.  s.;     Teltur. 

ItdhlDSi  worBe  from  soratchlng,  wmnnllL  of  tied— U^  ■ 

F^ula  ;    Rhus  t, 
JolntE^   gouty*    enlarged-  Ell cal.i    Puk.    nut.:     Tar    c. 

Zinc,  m.      See  Joints. 
Numbness,  foimicatlon  of,  go  Srileep^^th^;    C&rho,  «., 
Cobalt.:       Cocc;       Codr,       Colch.;       Cow,;       Fagop: 
Hyp^r,;     Lact.    v.;     Mag.  s.:     Me*.;    Onosm*,     Pky- 
sast.:    Pyr.;    Stc;    Ulnus;    Upas;    Zinc^  »t. 
PAINS  IN— Aohln^i  brulied:     Am-  m.;    Azadir.;    Brom.^ 
Dros.;    Prufi,  sp*;     Ver.  a. 
OrampK- Bism.;     Chol*st.;     Colck.;     Cupr.   m.;    Ff»T 

am,;    Jatropha;    S#c.;    Vej-basc, 
Lanclmattng — Abrot,s    4rt.  sp.;^   ^^*^'    Ced.;    L§d, 
JttkfUmatlo — Act.  &p.;    Apis;    Berb!  v.;     Cuml.;    CiJir*  ► 
Graph,;    Led.:    Liih.  c;    Mjing.  ac%;    Mynca:    PtU'- 
Ran.  b,:    f^hm  t.i    Ruta, 
BenBlblUty,  diminished- Carbon  s. 
SOLES— Bllfttered:   Bufa. 

Burning  of— Apoc.  andr.;  Arutido;  CcUc^  *  ;  CauU*  ■ 
Ferr,  m.;  Ckam.t  Graph,:  Tgn.;  Krec».;  h^y> 
Lachn*;  Liinul.r  Petrol,;  Fhos*  ac;  ?ulJ^  Sam- 
Same;  5*ii. 


LOCOMOTOR    SYSTEM  9I7 

C^ilQ^itieMOf— Am.  c:    Ran.  b.     See  Skin, 

ItclLtDff    ol^Agar.;      Ananth.;      Anthetn.r      Catc,    »,; 

HydroQot.;    Indium;    Nat,  s. 
Humbn eis  of  —  Voce;    L 1  m  uL ;    R ap h . 
AUVS— Insener&l:   Apoc^andr,;  Bor.;   C&n,  ind;   Ferr. ; 
G^aco,    V\mn\r,    Mtir.  ac;    t^etrol.;    Phos.  ac;     Puh.; 
Vcrbasc. 
Palnfl    in,   wben   w&lMn^ — AI09;     Graph.;     Mur,    ac-; 

Aching -Li mul.;    Pyls. 

Crunpi— Agar.;    Apoc.  andr.-    Carbo  v*;    Cotch.,'  Cn^r,; 

Mcil.;     Nitx  v.;    Stront.;    Verbasc;    Zing. 
CrunpK*  WOMB  ik%  P,M.— Cupr, ;    Eng.  j.;    Zing. 
Uloer&tlv^*  unable  to  walk— Canth.;    Ign. 
Eftwnesi,  sorenesi,  tendemesi  of—M&e.:    Alum,;    Ant, 
c:     Arn.;     Cak.    c;     Graph  ;     Kali    e.;     L*rf.;     Lye; 
Mf?d.;     Nit.  ac;    PstroL;  Phoft.  ac;   Ruta;   Same;  Sil- 
Bvrelllng  of  — Ar undo;    Petrol.     Se*  Feet. 
WcaJEnwiof— Hippotn.      See  Fett. 

iWEATIHO  OF  FEET— Alum,;    Am.   m,;  AnEinth.;  Apoc. 
andr.^       Arundo;       Bar.     £.;       Calc^     <r,;      Carbo    v,; 
Graph.;      lod,;      Lye;      NiL    ac;      Pvird.;     Piot.; 
Sal.  ac;    5aM«i:.;    Sep.^    SiL;    SuL;    TtUutri   TImya; 
Zinc,  ni. 
Sweating  Ofi  With  ^oreneis  of  toes— Ind  ;    Lye,;    Nit. 
at.-     Patrol.;    SiL 
Iwelllllff    of  —  Acei.    ac;      MS'C;      Apis;     Ars.;      Aruti (Jo ; 
Bry,;    Cact,;      Dig,;     Graph,;     Hnm.;     Helod,;    Lye; 
M^rc^  c;    Merc;    Nat.    s.;     Plumb,    m.;     PruH.   9p.; 
Ptilfl.;     Sacchar.    of.;     Samb.;     Stroph.       See  Dropsy 
tGeneraliiitfl.). 
Teodemeii,   corenesi   ^t—Atit.    c;     Am  ;     Cepa,    Led.; 

Phos.  at,;    Sil.      Ste  Pain. 
Trembling  of— (Jr/*.;    Sars  ;    Stram, 
Virl  c  e  i  Of  —  /■>  r  r .  at-et  .■    Ham.      See  G  enerali  ties. 
WeUoieBt    of      Acun.;     .-Eic;     Ant.    c;      Bo  v.;     Can.    s.; 

Gels.;    Hipponi.;    I(fn.;    Mag:,  c^ 
TOES —Bunion  on  1}lg  toe:   Agar.;    B*m.  ta;^;    Bor.;    Kali 
iod.;     Rluni  ;    Siirtj;.;    Sars.;     SiL;     Vef.  v.      See  Skin, 
GAUoBltlei  ^t— Ant    c;     Cur.;      F#fr.    pier,;     Han,   b.; 

Ran.  sc;    B«mp.  t.      S^eSkin. 
ChilblilnK  of  —  XH.  ac;   Sal   ac       See  Skm. 
C ra ck s  of  skte  —  Bng,  j , ;    Gra  pk . ,    P*l tol . ;  S&ba.^ . \  ^^n> 
Itching  0t     Agar.;    Kalic;    Maland.  i 


giB 


RE PER TO BY 


Joint  I  InflBined— Am.,  c;    Etm.  uc.;    Bur.,    ^uthrap!^, 

Carbo  v.;     Cotchr;     Daphne;     Led.,-    Rh<td,;    Truer 

See  JqintfiK 
NallB  lnQamed— Sbbad. 
N&Ui,    tnffrowlJii— Man.    p, ;      Nit.   ac;     5U.;     Staph,: 

Teucr. 
N>ili,  pain  around      Ant.  e.:    Fhwr.  ac;    T^uor. 
Numbneis  of — Cnn.;    Nat.  m.:    SiJ.;    Thati. 
PAIHS  IN— Cramp i :    Cuprac;    Cupr.  mr,    DIr,[    Diou; 
Hyob.;    Rhus  t. 
Bheiun&tlc— .4ff.  ^p,;     Apoc,  andr.;     Bern,  ac,;    Bot.; 

Uothropsi       Cauiv       Ctfkh^;        Daphne;       Gnaph.; 

Hyper.;    Kalic.;    Leti.;    Liik.  c;    Nit^  at:.;    Ptegtiia.; 

Phos.  ac:     PvU.;    Sab.i    -S*7.      See  Guyt. 
Kheumatle,  of  big  to«— Am.  bens^.^     Bmhz.  act    Bor.: 

Bothrops;     Cclch.,'    Conv*.;    Gn^pb.;    Ka.li  q.;    Ltd.; 

Rhod.;    Sil. 
Elieimmtlo,  in  tlpi  Of  tool— Am.  1T1-:    Hyper.;    Kali  c,; 

SiL;    Syph^ 
T«&rlnc — Act.  $p.i    Am,  m,;    Bens,  ac;    Brqm.;    C<tMl.; 

Cokh.;    Pallad.;    SiL:  ^j^ph, 
Sorenefti  of— Bar.  c-    Nat.  ans.     See  Pett. 
StilineBa  of— Caul,^    Urapb.      tiee  Joints. 
GAIT-   Ataxic:     Helud.i     Sec;    Suiphim       Hee  Lucdiiuilro- 
Ataxia  (Nervcuifi  Sv&tem). 
Spfcitlc -Lathyr. 
8tagc«rin^,  imiteady .  dlfllcu.lt  walking-  Acq  n. ;    Agar ; 

Agrost.;    AfR    it.,    Asttr, ,    Aateff-    Bell;    Carbon- s^ 

Cattfit.;    Cocc;    Con,;    Dub,:    GeU.:    Helod.;    Lact. 

ag,:      Latkyr.;      L\U    t,:     ho}*,.    Morph,:      Mur.   ac. , 

j\/yff.;     Onosm.:     Oxytr,;     Phos.   ac ;      PitQ**;    Sf£.; 

Stram, ;    Sulphon.;    Tab,:    Trion.;    Zin^. 
Stftg^orlng,  tiiiit«ad7,  with  muroiilar  InconUnitlon 

A^um.;    ArB*  ti.;    Aiiter,;     Hat.  m,;    CHu-;     Kali  Ur., 

Med,;    Phos.  ac:     Pkynext.;    Pier,  ac;    Trion,;   /iim 

tn. 
Staggering,  uniteady.  when  tmobterrMt— Arii.  a. 
Staggering,  unsteady,  when  walking,  tn  d&rk,  or  wltli 

eyes  oloHed — Aium.;    <4f|i,   n,;    Carbon.  ».\     Dub  : 

Geh,;    lodof. 
When  waUdng,  dfaga  feet — ^^ye.;    Nux.  v.^    Tab. 
Wll«li  walking p  foot  shooit  out,  or  turns— Aeon. 
When  wftUring  legs  1ee\^  %%  IIte^wI^  ot  woaa,  or  gliii— 
Thuya. 


LOCOMOTOR    SYSTEM 


ten  walking,  lifts  feet  higiier  than  ufual,  and  b rings 

them  down  hard     Melod 
Wh«n  waUdng,  llmpB  Involuntary— Bell 
When  walking,  must  stop  — Arn;    Lathyr,;    S14I. 
When  walking,  on  uneven  ground,  very  difficult— LiL  i. 
When  walking,  seems  to  be  walking  on  air-  Dnb. 
When  walking,  ^tumtjIeE     easily,    makes    mis: steps 

Phtjs.  ac. 

When  walking,  trembles  all  over  -  La^^i.  kc 
rOtNTS— Burning  in:     Apis:     Ars.;     C^fiitt  :     Man^^   ac; 
Merest    RhuH  t.;    Sul. 
BursSB  Of -Beii£.  ac  :     kmn;    SiL 
Contraction,  painful,  of  tendons,  hamstrings—  Abrot.; 

A  m .  nf . ,     Cii  H  Ht . ;    Ci  mex  :    C  a], ,    F  f>rtn  sea;    Gun  in  r. ; 

Kali  iwL:     \nt.  m.;    TclKir. 
Cracking  of,  on  motion— iBf^nz.  uc;    Calc,  ft,;    TaHif.; 

Cocc,;    Graph,;    Kalibicb,;    h&^.:    Nat.  iti.;     Nai 

p,;     Nit.  tic;    Petrol.:    Thuya;    7Anc. 
Hystertcaljolnts— .4fg.  ffi .;  Cham,;   Cotylfld,:    Hyper,; 

ign  ;    Zini'- 

A&THB  ms  -  Tnflanunatlon  of :   A  cute  1    A  ccn . ;    Arbu  \ . : 

Senz.    ac,;     Herb,    v.;     Bry.:     Causii.;     Cim.;     Coiek., 

Igd.:     Kali  k)d.;     Led.;     Livh,   r.;     Matig.  ac;     Af^ft. ; 

Nat.  sil.:     Nit.   ac;     Puts.;     Hhttn  i  ;    Sab,;     StwHar.: 

B^A.  tereb,      See  RlieumattBiin. 
ABTHBmSDEFOKMAEfB- Chronic:   Am.  phw,;  Arbut,; 

Arn."      .Irif..'      flfn^.    ac;      Ca!c,    c;     CauL:      Canitt,; 

Cim.;    Cinch.;    Ctjlcli.;    Colchicrne;    Ferr.  iod.;    Ferr. 

pier.;    Guaiijc:    lod.;    Kali  br. ;     Kali  wd,:    Lact.  ac: 

Lye;    Merc  c  ;    Kat,  p.:     Pvh.;    Sab.;    Sabac;    Sep,, 

5w/  ;    Sti!.  urcb.;    Thyr. 
&Oxnr — Inflainznatlon   of:     Abrot.;     Am.   benz.;     Aeon  , 

Am.;     Belb;      Bwn?,.   ue.:     Serb,    v.;      Bry.;     Cajup.; 

Chin.  8.;    Cinch.;     Colck.;    ColckifiMwt    C«pf.;    Dulc; 

F^r*    pier.;     Formica;      Gftaiac.;     I  rid,;      Kab    iod.; 

Lwd.;    Lith.c:    Lyp,;    ManjEf.  ac;    Mer€.  a.;    Nat.  lact,; 


Nat.  m.;    Nuxv.;    Ox.  ac;    Pancroit.; 

Rhus  t,;    Sab.:    S^-iR.;    5mI.*   TaKiiai 
D  ebl  It  ty ,  af  ter  attack — B  tt  Ms ;   r  y  pri  p  . 
Oout  of  eyes — Nux  v. 
Oout  of  heart  — Cupr. 
Gout  of  nerves  1  neuralgia)     CoL;   Sul. 
Cktut  of  tt4miAeh-Nnx  m.,    I«jux  v. 
Oau#  0/ throat-  Cojch.;    Mert^.fi, 


Pu!m.;   Rhofl.; 


Q20 


REPERTORY 


Meta^stases  to  stomach— A nl.  c. 

^etrocedent  or  suppressed — Cayup,-    Nat*  m.r  0*,ac,, 

Rhus  i. 
Sull-aoUt« — G  uaiac. ;    Pulfi. 
SYNOVXTZS  — InflAmniaUon  ol:    Acute:     Aeon,;     A  pit. 
Am.;     ^tf^i  ;     Bcrb.   v.;     Bry,;     Canth.;     H*|>-;    ^flJ  . 
Kali  iod  ;    I'ltls^:    Rhtat.:    Ruta;    Stl,;     Slag;    SticU. 
Cbro&lC — J?eMz.  ac.;    Btrb.  v.;  Calc  f),;    Calc*  [>■;   Hep.; 
/ttii.;     Kali  iod.;    Merc*  i.;    Phyt. ;     i?^tc*  f,.    Km^ci, 
Sil.;    Steliar.;    Tub. 

Itcblne,  In  tjendi  of--Pho£.  ac. 

Lanienefii    of^Abrot.;      Ce^iia;      RkuM    $.;      Ruy.;    Sul- 

See  Stiffness, 
NODOSITIES,  topbl    -Am,   bent.;    /Im.  Mo*  .    B^m?.   at., 
Berb.   v.-     Calc.   tr.;     Cuf<:,  rrf*,^'     Caul,,    Cinx.;    C&kk., 
Euc^hl    E\ip,  perf.;     Forniica;     Grapb,;     Hakta;   Iod; 
Kali     at^.;     Kali    br> ;     K^a^t    iod.;     Kali    til,;    Led-, 
LfiA.  (T,;     Ljft.,      Nat-    lact.:      Ruta;      Sab.;     SUfk, 
Sill 
PAINB— In  ffener&I^    Am.  iti,;    Arg.  m.;    Bare;    Cai€- pi 
Ceii,;    Diosc.;    Dros.-    Iod,;    Kreos,.    Lappa;   2mc  m 
Brutied— /Irn.;    Bry.;    Kal,;    Mex.;     Rhmg  i. 
Cutting— Aeon.;    CtiuL;    Cim.;    KaL 
Bi£eln£  at  P.M.  — Mans!.  ac:    Msft.  «. 
Dr&wing,  tensive — Alot;    Apoe.  andr,;     C&kfi.:    Mex.. 

FHry,.-    ^^fi«  t^;   Sul. 
Neuralglo— Cpfi.;    Col.;    Plumb,;    Zinc. 
B]ieu3iu.tlc — Aeon.;    Bens,  ac;    Berb.  v.;    Bry,;   Cant., 
Caust,;    Cim.;    Cohh,;    Die^:  *Diosc.;     Fert*;    For- 
mica;      Guaiac;      KelU    bich.;       /Coi.;      t-act.    at: 
Mw^a.;    Piiitissylv*;    Piti*,;    Rku^t^;    Ruta;  Sa^* 
Saldl;    Stront.      Sec  Rheumaiiftm. 
Btltohlnfi,  teRrlngt  shiltln^i  ern^tlo-- Apis ;    Bent,  ic^ 
^^  Bryy;    Caust.;     Cim.;     C&ick.;    Guaiac. ;     Kali  i'Xl  • 

^H  Kal.;     Litb.    c. ;      MagnoL;     Mtn^.   Jr.;      Pbos.  i^:  ; 

^P  Ptt/*.;    Rhus  t.;    Sul.;    Ver.  v. 

SorenesBt  tenderness  of — Acan.;  Am,  mr,  Apb;  Ar*-, 
Sell.:  Bry,.-  Co/clt.;  Guaiac;  Ham,;  Hep.;  K*i 
Litb.  c;  Meli.;  Phyt.;  Rhut  t.;  Sab.;  Sii«*, 
Ver.  a. 
BtlfiEneis  ol — Abrot.;  Apis;  Apoc,  andr.;  Am  ,  Sn- 
Cavit,;  Cokh.;  Col,;  Dioec.;  For  mica.  Gusu: 
Iod.;     Kaliiod.;    Lye;    MAimol.;    Mtrc,  9.;    Its' 


LOCOMOTOR   SYSTEM 


921 


Cinch. ; 
Rhus  t,,' 


V^»€Mm 


Rata. 


^P     OL  j.  as.:     Pinus.  sylv.;     Phyt.^     Rkii$  i.;    Sttltaf.: 
Sirychrr    Sui.*    Thiosinumr;    Trios t. 
SwelliiXS    Of — Aeon,:      Act^    ^p.;     Anag.i      Apia;     An.; 

•     Bell,;     Bry.;     Catch.;     DifJf-;     Gttaiac..-     lod.;      Kali 
m.;     Kal.;     Led.;     Lith.  c;     Mang.   ac:.;     Mere.   9.; 
Phyt,:     Puis,;    Rhus  r;    Sab,;    StsUar.:    Stic?ta, 
S WelUtig  Of  p  dark  r ©d  —  B  ry . ;    I? A  «  *  ^ 

EW0UiD^  of*  pale,  white-- j4^ij(;    Bry.;     Calc.  tr,;    Calc. 

^^^    p.;    Cktus;     Ccich.;     Dig,;    lod.;    L^d.;     Af#r^,  r,; 

^V     M*rc*  3,,     /V/fl  ;    SiL:    SuL;    Symphyt.     S«e  Knee. 

TwclUja^Ofr  fiMnlng— Aton.;    Apix;    B9II;    Diw:   Mang. 

P.C.;    Sab. 

Weakneas    of — Bo  v.;      Cafbo    an.;      Ctntst,; 

Euphorb,;    Hippo m,;    Ltd,;    Psor. ;    Ken.: 

W^almeESp  spr&lned  e&slly— Carbu  an.;    Led. 
ANKLES -It cblng  of;    Selen. 

Pain  In  general— Abrqt, ;    Lappa;    Tetradyn.: 

alb. 
Bruised,  dlilocated  feeling—  Bry . ;    Prun .  sp.  1 
Mhi^waoAtic  —  Act.  up.;    C*juL;    Guaco;    Ltd.;    Man^:.  ac. ; 
Mang,   mur,;     Propyl.;     Pah.;     Rhod.;    Sil.i     Sul.; 
Urt. 
gprain«  of — Led.;   Nat,  ars.;    Nat.  c;    Ruta. 
gpraijii  Ot  dironlo— Bov. ;    Stfani. 
Swelling  of— ApiEi;     Atg.  nt.;     Led.;    Mimosa;    Stunti.; 

Strant.      See  Drop&y. 
Wealmefts  of,  "foot  turns  under"— Calc,  c;    Calc,  p.: 
Carbo  an,;    Caust.;    Cham,:     Ham,;     Ltd,;    Mang, 
ac;     Med.;     Nut  ara.;    Nat,  c,;     Nat.   tn-s     PimttM 
tylv.;    Rttia;    SU, 
£LB O Wfl  "Nimibliess  Of ;    P uls . 

Fains In^ — Arg^m.;   Cinoab. ;    Ferr,  mvr.;   Guaco;     KaL; 
Lye:     Mtniap.;     Ol.    j.    as.;     Pho«.;     Salan,    lyc,; 
F-Mfwrw  alb.;    Zinc,  os* 
HIPS -Morbus    Co(xarlu<:     Dliease    of:      A<^Qn.;     Ar^, 
m.;     Ats^   lod.;     Calc.    c ; 
Ciatua;    Col.;    Fcrr.  m.; 
Hippoa.;    Hyper.;    lod,; 
i,  r^;     Merc;     Pkox.  iiCj 
Tub.     See  Coxa  gia. 
Luxitlon  of — Col. 
Pmln  In  (coxiil^m) — M$i:^: 
Ca  usi. ;    Chn.m.;     CheL 


Calc     p 

;     Cauai.; 

Cirtch.; 

^err.   p.; 

PI  nor,  ac. 

;    Hep.; 

Kali  €., 

Kali  i&d^ 

;    Mert:. 

Phos.; 

Sil,;     Still 

;     SuL; 

Alimm 

%,\     Kr^.\ 

Calc.  ^,; 

Cbtuft; 

Cok;    IiTG&/,  ^wt« 

. 


[i22 


RE PERT DRY 


ni,;    Formic Gi;     GxU.;    Gunco;     Kali  c;     KaU  it/d 
^       Lil.  t^;    LiitiuL'    Mag.  tnur. ;    Mez.;    Nux  m^^   PwH. 

Solltn.  E.;    Strant.;    TonfUQ;    Tromb. 
P&lBp    &1    If    Iprailicd—  ^-^sc;      Calc.    p.;      tX;     LjtiM 

Puis.;    Sarracn 
FaJHi  In  leflMp— Ov.  u.  V'\    Solati.  n.^    Sirdm 
Pftln,  In  rl^l^^l^P —Agfir.:   Atii.  t,:    Ch*L;   Led,t  i.*f.  f.; 

Limul.;    Nuxm/;    Str&m. 
IQ7EES — Co1dne««  of:     A^jti.;'  Apis:     Catha  v.     See  Es 
tremities. 
OfACkiiis  at,  on  motion — Bena;    an.-     Cc^fr.;    Nat,  *t^ 

DUlo  cation  of  p&tell&^  on  going  up  stain — C^n.  « 
Dropsy  ol  —  CerJ.;    lod. 
Hygroma  pa  tella  —  Am:    C  ak    ] > . :    I  iJ  r/ 
SYNOVITIS— BURSlTtg:    Acute:    Houiem&ld'i     Kftst 
Infiamnmtlon  of:     Aeon,,    Apti;    Am.;    BeU;    5rj 
Canth,;     Helleb,:     Hap.;    lod.;     Kali  **,;     Jtoit  iW. 
Phos  ;     PkJ^  ;     Rhus  t.;     Rut  a;     5*7.;     5/pf;     5rfciif 
See  Swelling. 
Olinmlc  -Ant.  i.;    Baits,  ac;    Berb.  v.:     Cak.  ft.;   Cilc 
Ik:    Hep.;    /prf.;     Kali  iod^;    Mwtc.  n.;    Phyl.;    Rhii* 
t.;    Rut  a;    SiL,-    Tub 
HumbneiB  of— Meli. 
Numtmesf  of  extends  to  scrotum,  relieved  hy  flttUii 

Bar,  c 
PAINi— In  general:     Apia:     Be  ha.   at:,;     /fftfr.  v. 
ind.;    Diosc;      Kreos.;     Lappa^      Mcti  ;     Mp*, 
Xerophyl, 
Aching— MWi;    Ol,  j.  as. 
Boring*  relieved  bj  walking— Ind i>>u. 
Bruised— ^fr6.  v.;    Hry.;    Sarrac. 
abeumatlc — Arg.  m.;    i?fifj,  a*,,-   Berb*  v.;    Bo". 
Dflphiiei     Dio&c:     Dnk.;     Jacar. ;      Kali  c. 
/od^.;     Z.(ia.    at,;     Led;     Mang^   acr.;     Mell.: 
Pvts,:    Pills    nut,;    Sab,;    Viseum  alb. 
Tearing-"  Ciiwii.;      Granat,;      Marc.      Sticta; 

Tongo;    Ver.  v. 
Tenilve,  ©r*inpy  — Anac.-    Caps.;    l^a^.nta;     Puh,,   S«l 
Wr^tJ.Tr. 
POPLITEAL  SPACE.  Uclxlng  to— Sep. 

Popliteal  ipacBp  pain  in— Physost. 
EB  FLEXES  ^Diminished,  lost:     Cur,;     Qx^ir,;    JHm^ 
m.[    Sec,    S^tlvVioti. 


In: 


LOCOMOTOR  systb: 


9*3 

Lathyr.      Sec   Nervous 
MiniuNa:       Petrol.; 


E«flctzei  Incroftisd — Can.  ind, 

Stlfteeti  of  lme«i  —  J?#rb.    t^.;      hry. 

Bwellliiir  of— Aph,     Arn.T      Benz.    ac;     Sry.;     Calr.    r. ; 

SweUlnf     of,     white— Aeon.?      .4/h'*;      Arn,;       Ca^c.     f.; 
CbIc,     p,;       CufMa;       ^'o/i    fcrf.,-      Led*;      Ptias.    ac, 
Phps.;      Pw/i.,'     Rhus  t.:     Sil  1     SUtfl     5(tV/it;     Tub. 
TesndemciB  Of— Ar>ts:   Br^'.r  Cinch,;    RkHs  t.    Set    JotT^is 
Olceratlon  of  c&rtilase — Merc,  d, 
Weaknesi     of— Aeon.;       Anac  :       Am   ;      Colialt.;       Cffcf.; 

Dt^'Sc;    Hippom.;    Laet.ac.:    Nat.  m. 
SHOULD £E    AlfD    SCAPULA- Deltoid,  pain,   rheuaiA' 
tl«m  &f :     Nnx   m.;     O*.  ac:     Saiif.,     Sdcta;     S:t?pJf.; 
^''rf.:    Viola  oil.;    Zinc,  o^.:    Zing. 
PAINS — In  sc^^tilI;  Alum. ;    Am.  pkoM.;    Anaij.;     Aiadif.; 
CaH.  jH>f.;    CheL:    Ciicc;     Fug  op.;    Kreo^.:    Menfeti.; 
A/jrrtVfi;    Nttl.  ars.-     /?aw.  h.;   Ver.  a.:    Viscum  alb. 
P&lB,    In   left— Affar. ;      Ant.    t  ;      Aspar.;     Cheno|]     gl; 

Led.;     OttDflM  ;    St  ram  ;    SuL 
Pftin,  tn  l«f  t,  lower  an^le  of — Cktitifp.  «/ ;   Ciipr.  ar^. 
Palllr    In    tifht — Abies    c  ;      C'kei.;     Chenop.    Jfl.:      C^i.^ 
Ferr.    mtir. :     Gnaca^     Jugl.    c. ;      Kd/i    r.^      Phyt.; 
P  \i}% ,  nut;    5o  M  g . ;    Sol  a  tK  1  y  c . ;    5/  iVta ;    U  rt . 
Pain,  In  right,  lowet  angle  of     Ckel.:    Kali  t . ,    ^iftfcf .; 

Pod. 
Fftln,    between     »capul«  — Ars,;      Chrnop,;      Grattat., 

Pains,  drawing     Ars  ;    Cham.;    Stil. 
Palni,   rlieumatlc     Am.   cRn*t.;     Herb,    i\:      Fwrr,    m; 
Ferr.    mur.:      Fffrr.    p,;     Huaiac. ;      JTdlt    c.,'      KaL; 
Lact.    ac;      Lfd.:     Lilh,    c. ;      L4th.    tad.;     OL    an.; 
Phyt.;     Ban.  h-     Rhru!  ;     Hku9  t,;    Sanj;.;    Stellar,. 
Sticta:    Sul.:    Syph.t    L'rt.;    Viola  od. 
8 ti ten ei,  tearing  In    -J?r^.,-    Hyn«r.:    Kah  c. 
Stlffneii  of — Cotit  ;     Hvtc     Granat.:     Indium;     f*hyr^ 
Prin.  v.;    Sang,;    Senet-.  jac. 
WEISTB- Gangilon,  on  t»ok  of  ^    Bensaai.:    CaU*    fl. 

Oouty  depoBltE  on-  l^utji, 
PAINS — Ing^eneral:    AbtL^t.,    Act.  ftp.;    BLam,;   Carbu  ilii  ; 
Cami^. ;   Hippi* w.:   K al i  c. ;    N a t ,  p . ;   P »otrt»-;    P t 5^v\  . 
^feflft ;    A'«/(//    DVt.:      ViQla  od. 
crMtapM,  MpAMmg,  pftJnful  of  (writer*!  ot«ikp>-  A^ll 


9=4 


REPERTORY 


Am.;     Bell.;     Caust,;     Con.;     Ciipr.;     CycL;    Feir 
mdr,     G^lt.*     Mag.  p.:    Ntix  v.;     Pier*  ac  ;    ^^i^- 
See.;   Slann.:   Staph.;    Strych.;   Sul.  ac;    Vinia  o<L, 
Zinc,  m, 
Bheuniiatic — Aa.   sp.;     Bcnz.,    ac. :      Caul.;     La«t,  ic. 
Rhod.:     Rhus    tr,      Rhus    v.;     Sab,;     Solan,   lye. 
\Tlnu*;;    VariiiL;      Viola  od.;    Wyeth. 
Bpra-inM^     disloc&ted     feellns — Cist  us  i      Eup.    p^rf. 
lappont:    Ox,  sr,^     Rhus  L;    Ruta;    Ulnus. 
FaraijslE  of — Con.^     Hippom.;      P/ttwife,    w,;     Pier,  ac; 

Stann,      See  Nervous  Systeni. 
H£GS — BiimlnKOf:   Giiaeo. 

Cracklitg,   of   eiirvlG&l    vertelim,    on   tnoticiii— Alot, 

Cacc;     Nat,  c;    OL  ail,'    Thuya. 
Em&clatlon  Of — Nat    tn.      Sc??  Generalities. 
Fulness  of.  muit  looien  collar—  .4  myi.    Pel  tauri;  ff/tw 

Lach.;     Pyr. 
Itching  of  -Ant.  t. 
Muscles  cervical,  contmction,  rigidity  ol—Ctt,;  Cim 

Nicot.;   S^T-jcJi, 
Muscles  cerTlcal,  twitching  of — Agar. 
Muscles  st©mo-oleMo*maatoid— Gff/i,;     Triful.      ^^ 
Torticnllis,, 
ITAPB   OF  NECKr    PAINS-  In  senermlt     Acoh.;    Betl 
Chin,  ars,'     Cim,;     Fel  taiiri:    Perr.  pier.;    GfU.:  By 
per.;    Myrka;     Nai,  cholein;    Nat.  s.;    Paris,  Ver»' 
Vib.  op.:    Zinc.  v. 
Aching — Adon.     v.:      Bapt.;      Caust.;      Con,;      Ctii., 

Guiiiae.;     Paris;    Ver.  v.:    Zinc*  m^ 
Slslocated,   |>ml8ed  rsellng— Bell.;     Cauut,;     Fajiop  ■ 

Lachti. 
Bbeiamatlc — Aeon.]       Bry.^      Calc.    ^,i      Cau»t,;Ci«f- 
Colch.;     Duic.;    Guaiac;     L^sfi^N.;    Puis.;    Rhmt- 
Sansr. 
Tearlns.    Shooting,    sMtchlng— 4c<jff,;     Asjir.;    Hi'^: 
Btff&.  II.;     Sry.;    Chin,  ars.^     Ferr*   picr»;     M<iJt- #' 
Nux  v.;    Sirych.;    Xanth. 
StiSness  Ot—Acnn..      Aut,    t.;      Bell.;      3ry.:     CaJr.   r: 
Cfl«5*.r    Cham.-    Choi;    C*w.,'   ColcU,;    Jh*k.;  Fcf^ 
p.;     Guaiac;     Lac  c;     Larli»,/    Af«rr.   t»  r.,*    Kusnl' 
Pampin.:     Pm/j.,-    Rbod.;    Sul.;    TrifoL;    Vidca  JU 
TendemeBi  of— Amyl;    Bry.;    Kali  perm.;    Lack.^^ 
Tumor,  fatty  of— Bar,  e.  ^^  ' 

Veins  of,  EwoUeai- Op. 


LOCOMOTOR   SYSTEM 


92s 


ftaknees  o^  tumble   to  lioM  head  up — Abr&t.;    ^th.; 

Fa^op.      See   Head. 
^RTIGOLLIS,  wry  neck— ^Icoit.;    A^ar. ;    Atrop.-    EelL; 
CiPM,;    Guaiac,^     Hyos.;    Lachn.;    Maj^;.  p,;    Strych. 
tEtmiATlSM:     TTPB— ArtlcuUir,    aeute,    rheumatic 
fevef;     Acon.^    Am.   cau^t^;     Ant.   U;    Apb;     Am.; 
Ars.;     BelL;    Benz.  ac;    Berb.  v-.;     Bry.;    Cact.;    Cale. 
c;   Calc,  p.;    Cascara;   ChitirB.;    Cim.;  Cincli, ;  Colch-t 
CQickiciHe;      Dwlv^;      Ftrr.     p,;      Formica;      Gavtlth.; 
Guaiac;     Hi*tnosa:     Kali  bich.;     Kaliidd.;     Kali   m.: 
KaL;      Led.:     Lye;      Macrot.;      Merc,    s,;      AF^rc.    v.,- 
Methyl.  33.L:     Nat.  lact.;     Qx,   ac;     Phyt.;     Pr&fyL; 
Puh.;      Rhc^d.:      Rhuji    ;.;      Ruta^      ^aL    a^.;     S»ng.', 
Spig,;    SieJlar.;    Sticta;    SLrych.;    SuL;    Syph,;    Tilia; 
Ver-  a.;      Ver,  v,;    Viola  od, 
Ueeiidiiii;  pains  —  Arn. :    Led. 
>e8cendln£  pains  -Caci.;     KaL 
SrratlCr  wajiderljp^  pains — Apoc.  andr. ;     CanL;     Kali 

bich.;     Fiiiy,.;     Puis,  nut^l    Steitaw^ 
oints,  large-    .1c£?M.;    Arbut.^    Arg.  m.:    Bry.; 

Merc.:    Rhtjfi  t.  .1 

OiBts,  gmall — Aet^ifp.;    CauL:    CoJch.;    Led.;    Lithe; 

Lilh.  lact.:     Puli.;    Ruta;    5ab,;    Viola  dd. 
Icmoartlcuiar— Apis :    Cop.;    Mtrc.     See  Joints. 
Qlya.i-tictaar— Arn.;     Bry,,-    Guaiac;     Puh.     See   Er- 
ratic:   Joints. 
9C0MITAKTS- Alternates    with    dlarrhoeap    dysen- 
tery :    A  b rot  :    D  ul c - ;    ( x  n a i> )\ . ;     A  a H  buk. 
Itemateit  with  urticaria— 1.3  rt. 

debility-- /I  rrf.;    Calu,  p.;     Cittck.;    Colth.;    Sul. 
ever,  a^yiminic — Bry,;    Rhus  f, 

[«tasta»eE,te heart— Cact,;  KdL;  Lith.c;  Propyl.;  Si?*ff. 
uml>n  ess -Aeon.;    Cbatn.;    Rku»  i. 
.ettlesmess— x4f0K.;   Cim.;    Rhus  t. 
le  epl  es£nes  s — B  ell . 
(^eating— Ccr/f;.  c;    Hep.;     Merc;    Sal.  ac;    Tilia. 
IBAYATIONS^At    night:       Acoh.,^      Am,;      Cham,; 
Cifn.;     Colch,;     Eucal.;      Kali  iod.;     Kali    m.;     KaJ,; 
Mtrc:     P»U.:    Rhus  t.;    Sars.;    Sil.;    ShL 
efare  storm — Puis.;    Rhod. 

nmtL  cold,  dry  weather — Acan.;    Bry,;    Ntixm-;    Rh^d. 
rom    damp»    wet    weather — Ars.;      Ctxk.    p.;     Cim.; 

Culch.;     Duk.;    Kaliiod,;    Mtrc;     PhyL;    Ran,    h.; 

Mkni  i.;    Ver,  a. 


936  RBPBRTORT 

From  motion— Act.  sp.;    Apis;     Am.;     Bry.;    Calc.  c; 
Clem.;    Formica;    Guaiac;    lod. ;     Kali  m.;    Kal; 
Mgrc;   Ran.  b.:   Sal.  ac;   Stellar. 
From  rett — Puis.;    Rhod.;    Rhus.  t. 
From  fweating — Hep.;    Mgrc;   Tilia. 
From  tOUCb — Aeon.;    Apis;    Arn.;    Bry.;    Colch.;    lod.: 

Ran.  b.;    Sal.  ac. 
From  warmth — Kalim.;    Led.;    Mtrc;    Puis. 
AMELIORATIONS— Frommotl<m,-wmlkllls:  Dole;  PuU.: 
Rhod. ;    Rhus  t. 
From  presfure — Bry. ;     Formica. 
From  rest — Bry. 

From  warmth — Ars.;    Bry.;    Nux  m.;    Sil. 
In  open  air — Kali  m. ;    Puis. 
Articular,    chronic — Am.    phos.;      Benz.    ac;     Berb.    v: 
Bry.;      Calc.     c;      Caul.;      Caust.;      Cim.;     Colch.: 
Dulc;      Ferr.;      Guaiac;      lod.;      Kali    bich.;     Kali 
tod.;    Led.;     Lith.  c;    Lye;    Merc;    Mez.;    Ol.j.at.: 
Phyt.;       Puis.;      Rhod.;       Rhus,     t.;       Ruta;     Sil.: 
Stellar.;    Still.;    Sul.;    Taxus.     See  Joints. 
Chronic,  gouty:    Arthritis  Deformans — Arbut.:    Am., 
Ars.;     Benz.    ac;     Calc.    c;     Caps.;    Caul.;     Cauft.: 
Cim.;     Colch.;     Colchicine;     Dulc;     Ferr.  iod.;     Ferr. 
pier.;      Guaiac;     lod.;      Kali   iod.;     Lact.  ac;    Msrc. 
c;      Nat.    p.;      Puis.;     Sab.;     Sal.   ac;     Sep.:    5m/. 
Thyr.      Seejoints. 
OonorrhOBal — Aeon.;      Arg.     n.;       Bry.;      Caust.;      Cim: 
Clem.;      Cop.;       Daphne;      Guaiac;       Iod.;      Irisin: 
Jacar. ;      Kali    iod.;      Kal.;      Med.;     Merc;     Nat.   < 
Phyt.;     Puis.;    Rhus  t.;    Sars.;    Sul.;     Thuya. 
Intercostal— Ctm.;    Phyt.;    Ran.  b.;    Rhus  t. 
Muscular      (myalgia) — Aeon.;       Ant.      t.;        Apis;     Bry: 
Cascara;      Caust.;      Cim.;      Colch.;       Dulc;      Ferr. 
Gels.;      Jacar.;      Macrot.;      Merc;      Ran.    b.;    Sypli  : 
Ver.  V. 
Paralytic— Ca««/.;    Lathyr.;    Phos.      See  Chronic. 
YeriOBteaA— Kali  bich.;    Kali  iod.;    Merc;     Mez.;    Phyi 
Sjrphllltlc— See  Periosteal. 


RESPIRATORY    SYSTEM 


.   RESPIRATORY   SYSTEM 

BEOKCHIAI.     TUBES— ASTHMA:     Ckmatlctlmii    f]^!- 

modlC    of:      Ai^on.;      Alumcn-      Ambroa,;      Ant.    ar?,; 
Ant.   t4     AraL;     Ar*.;     Atjrap.;     Bac.,'     Bltuta   am.: 
Bry.;    CoCtr,    Carbo  v.;    Chin,  ars.;    Chlorum;     Coca; 
CoCAitie^     £rp<>^    I,;     ("wprn    ai?.,*     Cuy^r.    ara,;      Bran.; 
Glcknr,    Grind,:    My  doc.  ac;    Itlic;    lod.;    /p^t.,^     Kutt 
c,;    K&ti  iod»;    Kali  n.;    Lach*;    Lob,  infi.;    Morph.; 
Naja:     Napk.:     Nai.  *.;     ATw*  i^,/     Paxnifi.:     Pathos; 
PHI;    Psor.^    Qucbr.:    SdrnK;    S^ng,;    Silph.;    5f*r- 
€:ut.;      Stram  ;      Strycb^:      BmL;      Syph,;      Telea    ar.; 
Thnya;    Ver.  v.;      Vm  wm  a/i*.,'    £tiif. 
TTPS   AND    OGCXTBEEHCE     Altematai,   wltli    Itolilnff 
rash;    Liilail. 
Altemates,  wltli  ipaamodlc  Tomttlnf  -  Cupr.  m. ;  ipec. 
Anger*  from— Cham.;    Nux  v. 
Cardiac — Queb.:    Stroph,     Ste  Heart. 
Emptlonxp  luppreGsedp  from — Ars.:    Hep.;    Pa  or.;  Sid. 
Foot  iw«at,  vuppreiicd  fmoL — Ol.  an. 
HiuJCilii — Aeon,;     Ani.  tod.;     krs.i     BtMe^;     Bry*i     €0^, 
ind.;     Cochlear.;      Dulc;      Eiicfti.;      Etiphofb.    pil,; 
lod.;      KqH   hick.;      Nat.    *.;     Pulmd    v,*     Samb.- 
S%h;    Thuya, 
maaildf  In  cllHdr«i— A'af.  a  ;    Samb.;    Thuya. 
Millar's  —  Amjido;     Coral.;      Cupn;     Guairea;     L'ach*; 

Lob-  inH,;    Samh.     See  Larynffi^imus  Slridmlufi. 
Miner's — Card,  m.;    Nat.  an. 

Nenroui — Chin-  s.;    Cnpr.;    Gritid.:    tiydr&c,  ae.;    Leb. 
infl,;    Mo&ch*;    Nt*x  m.;     JV«t  i'.;    Tdcn  «r,:     VaL 
Periodical  —  .An,;   Chin,  are,;    Cittck.;   lpfit;« 
Precededby  corysa- Naja. 
Preced wn>y  lorml cation—  Ciatus ;    Lob»  infl. 
COHG OMIT AHTfi^Wlthlironolilal  catarrh:   Acoti.t   .4rx.; 
Bty.;    Ctipf,  B-cr,    Ericd.;    Grind. h     lpic\;    Kali  iod.; 
Oniscus;    Sabal.      See  Htiinid* 
Wltb  constHctlon  of  throat— Dros.;    Hydfoc.  ac. 
With  dyfurla,  nocturnal — Solid,  v^ 
irieb£»«£ricd«i'anEement— Br^^;   KaUm.,   Ldb,  %ih^.; 
Nt*x  p.;   Sunu.:    Ver.  v.  -^ 


930 


REPERTORY 


With  gout*  rheums tlflzu — Su),:    Vitcutn  alb. 

Wl  th  hemorrhotdi — J  u  n  c  us ;    N  u  x  v , 

Wl th  tnsmnnia. — Chlorah   Tele&or. 

With  nausea,    eardlAG    weakness,   TerHgOf   vomitlsf. 

weak  atooxL&chp  cold  knees— Lob.  inB. 
With  palpnatlon— H'jral 
With  thii-Bt,   naua«af    stitches^   tnimlng    In    ahfttt— 

Xali  n. 
MODALrrtES— AoaRATATtON:     Alter     sleep:     Arsl ; 
Lack.;    Samb. 
At  nl£ht,  lylns  down — AraL^    Ars.:    Cist  us;    Ferr,  «c ; 

Lnch.^    Naia;    Sanib. 
Frtim  cold,  damp  weather— Ars  ;     Dulc;     Nat,*,    See 

Humid, 
From  cold,  di7  weather— Hep 
From  food — Kali  fi-    Xux  v. 
From  Inhaling  dust—lyjec;    Pothos. 
From  sitting  up— Ferr.  ac.;    Psor 
From  talking — D  ros , ,    M  e  ph . 
In  early  A.M. — Kali  c;    Nux  v\ 
In  spring-  Aral. 
In  fimnmer- Syph. 
AMELl  O  HAT  ION  —At  tea :   B  to  m . 

From  expectoration^    Eri&d.;    Grind.:    fpec,    Zinc 
ftozn  lying  down,  keeping  annt»  spread  apart —Psor, 
From  motion— Ferr.  m, 
From  stool — PhjUios. 
In  damp  weather— Hep. 
In  open  air— Nflph, 
BRONCHIECTASIS:    B&ONCHORRH(EA— DllataUtmOl 
With  profuse  letld  punU^it   sputum:     AUmm  i. 
Alumen;    Ant.  t.'     Bac.,^    f^als    per.;    Beiiz,  ac.;    CaU 
c;     Eucal.L     Ferr,   iod.:     M«p.;     Ichth.;      Kali  Nf*. 
Kaii  c-     Kreoa.;     Lye;     Puli.;    Sang.;    SU.;    Siam 
Sill.      Stfi  Chonic  Bronchitis. 
BBONGHITIS- Inflammation  Of:    Acute:     Attm,    Ata 
phos, ;     Afit.   ars.;     Ant.  t.j    Ara.  lod-;     Are.;     AviJirt 
BtlL;     Bltttta   fir.;      Brom.;      Bry.;     Caust,:;     Colel* 
Cop.;     Dulc;     Eup.   perf.: 
H  y OS  H ;    tpec\:     Kaii  b4<^h: 
ac;     Plio*.;     Piloc;     Pule 
Spoiiff.;    Sticia;    SuL:    Ver.  a.;    Ziti^.  to. 
Capillary  — Am.   c:     Am.   iod,;     Ant.  i  ,      Ars  .    fl*t 
Sri/.;    Bt-y.;    CaXc.  c. .    Carta  v.:    Cupr.  ac;    F*^ 


Fe¥T.  p,;    Grind.,     Htf 


RESPIRATOR^   SYSTEM 


93 1 


p.;    Ipef.^    Kali  iod,;     Kat^Hn:    Nit,  ac:    Phos.  nc; 
Sfiti^ga;    Solaninr;     Tereb.;    Ver»  a. 
GtironlQ   (Winter  catarrlis)— Alumen;     .4mfHDii.;    Am. 
c-i    Am.  m,;    Ant.  lod.:     Ant.  s.  a.;     Ant.  t.;    Ara. 
iod,?    j4rt.r    Bac;    Buh.  p€r;    Cale.  c,;    Cak.  iod.; 
Carbo   v.;     Chel.;     Ctnck^:     Coccus;      Cop.;     Cyb.; 
Dros.j      Dutc;      Eriod,;      Ewcal.:      Grind.;      Htp.,- 
Hydr.;    Ichth.;    lod.;    ipse.;     KaH  hick.;    Kalixod.; 
Kalis.;    Kreos.;    Lach.;    Lye;    Merc.  ».;    Nat,  m.\ 
Nit^  ac;    Nnx  v.:    Phcis.:    Fix  I.;     Puti.:    Rumex; 
Sanffr;      Scilla,      Stmga;      SiL;      Silph,;      S  puis  fir  ►; 
Stann.;    Strych.;    SuU 
Fibrinous  —  Calc .  a  cet .;    B  ry . :     Kal  i  bich .;    P  h  as . 
Toxemic — Anl^  t.;    Bryr,    Colch,;    M^c.  c. 
Iriitatlon  Ol  tuljei— Acet.   ac;     Aeon.;     Alumen;    Am- 
bros.:        Bry.;       Chloruni:        Hep.;       Phas.;       PUoe,; 
Ruwst;    8anR    n       Sue  Bronchitis. 
9eiiBltlveiaesR»   to   cold   air— Allium   s.;     Aral,;     Cham.; 
Cincli  ,;        Corai.,        Duic;        Hep.;       lod.:        Kali    c; 
Manii.  ac  .     Met^  .  j*.,     Nara;     Psor.;    5iL;     7t*h. 
OHEST— Affeottons,  Aller  br»ia  lag— Phos.  ac 
ASections*  after  Qperatloni.  for   fistule     Rerb    v.; 

Calc.  p.-    Si]. 

AfX ectlons,  after  suppr e &sed  skin  erupt loni     H  ? r < 

AflectlonE  in  cireumsorlbed  spots,  persiEtlo^r  ait«r 

inflflin  m  a  ^  flit  —  S^  n^^a. 
Bumlng  in- -  .^rcn.p-     Am.    m.;     Ant,    t.;     Apis:     Art,, 

Bnun.;   Calc.Ci    CanfA./    L^arJiii  t'. ,'   Cic;   Euphorb,; 

Kreos.;    Mag.  m.;    Maug,  ac;    Mvtc:    Mc*.;   fclyrtiB; 

Ol.j.as.;    Op.;     Phos.;    Primula;    Ran.gc:    Sang., 

Spong.;    Sut.,'    Wyeth^;    Zituc.  m. 
Coldness  In— Abies  c,;     Awr   m.;     Brem^:    Carho  ati.; 

Cistus;    CoraL;    Coccus  alt.:    Elapt;    Helod.;     Kaii 

c;    Lith  .c* 
Ibat>lllt7>  to  He  down  (orthOpnoB*)-  Aeon,  fer.;     Am.; 

CoHV.;     Grind.;     Lach.;      Mag.    p.;     Pute*;     Viscum 

alb^      Sec  Respiration. 
tnablllty*  to  He  on  left  ilde—  Phit». 
InablLitrp  to  llo  on  right  side —Mi; re. 
Itchlt)^  IHi  extendtng  to  narei^Coccufi;    Con,;    lod.; 

I  pec;    Puis.  .iHA^i^ 

U^htnesi.   emptlnesif  eviscerated  feelliv  In— Cocc«; 

Ntit.  s. ;    Shjutt. 
^AUfS—In  gsnerAl ;    A  bro  t . ;    A  cal . ,     At  oh  . ;     Kv^»'.    I 


93a 


Ars.,     BslL;    Bor.i     Br 


Bry.r    Cat*.; 


Catc.  c;  Caul,;  Cautt.;  Chel.i  C'im*;  Cotlin£>:  Cotn- 
mod.;  Cfot.  t.:  Dig..  Elaps;  Eriod.;  Gad  us;  Hy- 
drocK  ae.;  Jugl.  c;  Kali  c^,^  Kali  n.;  Kreos,;  Med.; 
Morph.;  Myrtis;  Ox>  ac;  Phffi.:  Pothos;  Psor^: 
Pulp,'  Riin,  b  :  Rumejt;  5d«g./  Solati-  lye;  Stkta; 
Stn'ch.  p,;  Succin-;  Sul, 
Bruised,   uleeratlTe— .4rn.,^     P#ar;     Puls.^      Ran,  b.; 

Ran.  sc. 
Ciltttng— Bry,.'    Kali  c;    Kali  n.;    Zinc.  m. 
Congtrlctltm  sp&nnodlG,  tlglitziesi,  fulneis,  uppreiElOQ 
--Abies    n.:    Aeon.,    Ambfo^.;    Ant.  l,  Api^:  A pac; 
Apium    gr,;      AraL;       Ars,;      Asaf, ;       Bac:      Bdl^l 
Btoih.;      Bty.;     Cad.;     Calc-    c;      Cfl^s-,-     Cham.; 
Ckl&fam:   Cic;    Cocc;    Cupr.  ac,^    Cupr.  m, ;    i?if-- 
Ferr.    m,;     Perr.    p.;     Glon.;     Grind*;      Hemalox; 
Hydroc.    ac,;     /^c*;     Kali   n.;     L-act^    v.;     L&tir : 
Lyc-;    Morph,;    Match.:    Naja:     Nal.  an^;    Ntt,  sp- 
d.;     ATh*  f>.;     Ornothog.;     Ox.  ac;     Pko»,;     PmU.: 
Samb.;  SatiR,;  Senega;  Silph.;   Spon^.;  Strych.i  Stti 
ConstriDUoiii  must  frei^uently  bre&Ui«  (teeiilsrr  to  iS- 
pand    lim£ — Asaf.^       ^rj^,,^      £?tf.,-      Lach.;      Meli; 
Millef.;     Mosch.;    Nat,s,;     Pkon.;    Scilla;    Xanth. 
Freaslnff,  heavliieiSp  w*lglit^Adwt  »,;    Aeon*;    Anai., 
Atj?,    n<:     Are  ;     Bry.;     Cact.;     CheL;     Perr.   m!4.; 
Hematox,;     Kali    n,;      Lil.   t.;     Lob,    infl.:    Ffcai, 
Prun,  pad,;    Ptel,]     PvU\;    Ran.  b.;    Samb.;   Smg- 
«.;    SencKa;    Spong.,    Sul.;    Ver.  v. 
Slilohljag,  te&tiiie»  dartingp  shooting— .4c pm.;    Apium 
gr.  ^      Asclet),    1.;      BolL,      Kerb,    v.;       fidf.;      ^f^.; 
Canth.;    Caps,;    Car^ft^  aw  ,    Caust,;    CheL:    Cinch.; 
Crot.    t,;      Elaps:     Far  mica:      Gnaiac.,-      Heinatox: 
Inula;    Kaii^.;    Kalilod.;    Merc,  c;    Merc;   Myrtis; 
Nat.   s.;     Nux    v.;     Oi-   aH.;     Ob   j.    bs,;     Pjewaia. 
Phelland.;     Phog,:     Ran.  b.;    Rutnex;    S^Uta;   &ir 
Statin.;    Sticta;    Sul.:     Titer  :    Th^Jja;    Zinj?- 
LOGATION— C&rtUases   costal:     perlqhoiiilritls:    BeU. 
Cham.;    Cim.;    Oloaqd, ;    Piumb. ;    Ruta. 
Inf ta'tnajnin ary — C4m . ;    Puis,;    Ran.   b.;     Uslil.     S^ 
Feitiale  Scxu&l  Syslcm, 
PiEUMODYHlA— tnt^TCOstal :     Ac&n.;     AristaL;     Af^l 
Ars.i    AnUp^ti    h%^^MA  ^^'^%   Bt^.j   ChfJ,:   Cf** 
Cqlch.;    EcHn.-,    G^iaVa^V   ^^\^  t.*,  ^^Tt^.-,  ^2i^wu^ 
Puis.;    Ran.b.;    Rhu^  U   ^uVac, 


RESPIRATORY    SYSTEM 


933 


DioEc;    Jugl.  r.; 

ac;     Nit.   sp*    ri.; 
Ran,  fic;  Rufvex; 


li  raiding     for- 


liUXif,  left:    Apes  an  A  middle  portion  of— 4  tif'^.;   Crat. 
t,;     illic;     Mynis:    Pffronia^     Fix  L;    Pula.;    Ran,  b.; 
Rumex^    Stann,;    Stictai    S«l.;    Tfefr.;    UstiL 
Lower  portion  of — Asclep.   t.^    Calc.   p.;    Cim.:    N<kL  ».; 

Ox.  ac. 
Lung,    fight:     Apex   Knd  middle  portion  of— Abies  c; 
Ars.;      llor.;      Cnh,    c;     Cnmmocl.;     Crot.  t.;     Elaps; 
EHod.;    niic;   lodof . ;     Phfltund.:    Sang.;    Upas, 
Lower  portion  of --Card,  m.;    CheL;    Kali  ci    Mr  re. 
iUbitemml — Apium    bt.;      A^dep^    t.;     Aster,;      Aaadir.; 
Bry.;     Card,    m.;      CauH.;     CheL; 
Kali    n,:      Ostn,;      Morph.'      Nit. 
PhdUnd.;    Psor.;     Puis,*     Ran.  b.; 
Ruta:    Samb.:    Sang.;    Sul.;    TrilL 
MOLALITIES— AOaAAVATIDK;     From 
w»rd:  J^ul. 
From  cold  drinks— Thuya. 
Front!  cold  weatlier — Petrol. 
From  damp  weather — Ran,  b. 
From  lying  on  alTected  alde^Nux  v.:    Stanti. 
Froxn  lytog  on  right  Bide— KaH  cr,    Merc, 
From  motion— Ars. :    Bry.^   Card,  m.:   Jugl.  r,-    Mag.  c>: 

Ran.  b. 
From  talking — Alum.;    Stann. 
AMEL 10  EAT  ION  -From  bending  forward:    Hyrjs. 
rrpm  lying  dowu — P^or. 
From  motion —  Puis. 
From  rapid  walking— Lob.  infl. 
From  reBt — ^Bry, 
In  open  air— Anac;    Puis. 
Senslttveneii,   tendemes«r   r&wneii  of   dieit— Aiit.  i.; 
Arn*^     Asclep,;      Bry,;     Calc.  c;    Calc.   p,:    Cafbo  v*; 
Cun;     Eup,   p4ff,i     Perr.  p.;    Ham.; 
Naph.i     Nat,  s.-    Nit.  ac.f    OL  j,  at.; 
;     Puis,;     Ran^  b.;    Ran.  tc;    Rumoit; 
Sfjong. ;    Stann. 

le&it    exertion,   eren   talking^ 
Arg^  m.:    Canth,;     Caic.e.;  Carbo 


Cautt,;    Cim.; 
iod.;     Kaolin; 
Phos,;     Pop.  c. 
Sang.;    5wnega; 

Weaknoia    of,    frmn 

Alumen;     Am.   c; 


Pso 


Ran.  sc*; 


v.:     Cocc,:      Dig.;     lod.'     Pkat. 
Spong.;    Siamt.;    Swl, 
COtJGB-Kemedlei  in  general:    Acal.;    Acgi.  ac;    Ac&m.; 
^ilswtn    f,/      Atum.;    Ambr^;      A-m,   c;      Atn.    GaMS.1/, 
Ant.  ars,:    Ant.  s.  a.;    ^«1,  (.;    At«.W4,',    Ati.;    Ksi^f^. 
*.;    Bah.  per-:    B^tL;    Bitm.;    Brom.:    Btv"<    Ca\£.c 


934  REPERTORY 

Caps.;  Catbo  f?.r  Cuuti,;  C»pai  Cim.,  CifKi, 
Coccus;  Cod,^  Con,;  Coral,;  Cral.;  C«pr.  ac;  Cupr. 
m,\  Df&t.;  Dwlc.;  Eup.  ptrf.;  Ftrr.  p,,  H«p; 
Hyei,;  Hyosc^  hydrobr,;  Ign.;  lod.;  Ip4fc.^  K&ii 
hick.;  Kali  c;  Lack.;  Lacir  vr,  Lanr,;  Lob,  tHit.i 
Lye.;  Man  J?-  ac;  Mrntka;  Meph.;  Afwre,  %k:  Naja: 
Nit,  ac;  Nux  v.;  0»m.;  Phelland.;  Phmr.  Pop 
c;  Puis.;  Rhust.;  Rume^;  Sumb.;  Sang.;  Sanion., 
Sciila;  Senega;  Sit.;  SpoHg.;  Stann,  iod.,-  Stann.; 
Siicta;  Sui.;  Tub.;  Verbatc;  Vit>ia  od, 
CAUSE.  OCCUBRENCE,  AOOBAVATION— After  uicerln 
cblldren:  Ahelc 
Aft er  diart-h<ea     A b ro t . 

After  faHLng  aEleep,  eEp« daily,  hi  cblldren,  c<}nsUiit 
tlokltD^  ccmgh  wltJioui  mwMkins—Acan.;    Ajiar  ; 
Aral.;     Cham.;    CycL ;     Lach.:     Nit.  ac ;    Suhz    Tul' 
See  Evening, 
Af  temoop  In — Am    m:    Thuya. 
Air  hot— Kali  s. 
Ai c ending— A Tn.  c. 
Catarrh  — S  cilia. 

Ca^tarrh  post^nasaU  tn  children- Pop.  c. 
Chest,  feeling  as  It  lump  In— Abies  n. 
Cold  air — ,4ctfH..'     Alum.:     Am^    c;     Bar.    c:    Brom 
Carbo  T,;    Cfpa,'    Hep,;     Mgntha;     Fhoi,;    Rhus,  t,, 
Rumex;    Spong.;    Trifol, 
CondiineiiitE — Alum. 

Damp&efiB- Calc.  c  ;    Dulc;     Nm.  s.;    Nux  m, 
Dartlme  only — Etiphr.;    Fstt.;    Nat,  m.;    Viola  cd. 
Drinking- Br y,:    Carho  ».;    Phns. 

Drinking  cold— Co  rA^tf.;   M^p,;  Sciila;   Spong,;  V«r4- 

EaUng  -Ant    art;,;     Ani.  t,;     Bry,;    Cale.  <r.;    Carbo  v; 

Cinch.;  Lach,:  Mcz.;  Nux  v.;  Phos. ;  Tb.xu^*,  Zinc,  a 

Eiiterlngwarmroom- Arirc.;   AnLhero.;    Bry.;  Csmt . 

Merc;     A'at.  c;    Puis,;    Ver,  a. 
Evening,  night- AcaL;     Aeon,;    Am.  br.;    Am.;    BfiL 
Hry.;     Calc,    c;     Carbo   «.;      Cau»t.;      Cim*;     C^d , 
Colck.;    Con.;    DroK.;    Evp.  perf.;    H^p,;    Hydroc 
sc;     Hya9.;     Kali    br,;     Mentha:     Meph.t     Af m , 
Nit .  ac. ;    P h OS , ;    Prtift,  th ;    Ps or, ;    Rk us  t. ;    Rm mn t 
Samb,;     Sang,;     Saidic.;     Santpn.;      SSlj     SfKni>! 
Stann,;     SHcta:    SwL;    Yer^saic. 
Before  mAdnlgbti— BeW-v   Cat\io  ^:.  ^-^^^  t^,   v^^ 
Samb.;     5fJoHg,;    Statvn. 


RESPIRATORY    SYSTEM 


03S 


Aeon,: 

Am.  tar.;    Am.  c; 

^^p.: 

Kali  c-     Nux  V*; 

ipong. 

See  Nervous. 

ars . ;     Aral . ;     Bell. ;     B  ry  - :     Ca  u  a , ; 
Dros.;      Hyot,;      InuJa;      Lith.    c; 
Psor*;     Puis,;     Rumox;     Sang.; 


After  mid&i|^hti  early  A,M.- 

Afjf.;    Cupr.    m.;     Dros.; 

Phelland.;    Rhiis  t. 
Excitenient — Ambra:    Ign,; 
Expiration — Aeon,;    Caust.:     Nax  v. 
Heart  disease — Laeh.;    Laur. ;     Naja;    Spang. 
iBfluenxa — Eriod.:    Hyos,;     Senega;    Sang.;    Strych. 
In jurl  es — Am . ;    M  ill  ef 
Inspiration  — .4 cvl.    ac;     Aeon.;      BsU.;     Brom.:      lod.; 

ipec;     Lach.;      Mentha;      Phi>s.;      Runtex;     Scilla; 

Speng,;    St-u:ta. 
I^yljlg  down — Ant. 

Con.;      Croc; 

Phofi,;      Prw».    TJ*; 

SiL;    Sticta;    Tub. 
Ijing  on  back — Am.™.;    Ars.;     Nhx  v. 
IiTJng  f>n  left  Hide — Dri>s*;     Fhos.;     Rumcx;     Stann. 
Iiyliig  on  right  side— Am.  m.;    Benz.  ac;    Mete, 
Lying  with  head  low— Si  jo  ni?. 
Measles — Sang.:    Sticta,      See  Skin. 
Menses,  or  piles,  suppressed — Miilef . 
Momlnff — Acal.;     Allitim    ar,      Alum.;    Am  bra;     Cina; 

Coccus;    Hep.;    Sod.;    Kali  iod*;    K&U  n.;     Nit.  ac; 

Puk.:    Rhus  t.:    Sden.;    Sep,;    Sticta;    Sil. 
Momlngi  early  —  Am.br.;    Am.  c. ;    Cti pr .  m . ;     Kali  c . ; 

Ai^H^  V,:    Phelland, 
Homing*  on  awsMn^ — Am  bra;    Bry.;    Coccus;   Psor, 
Motion  — Bell.;    Bry.;   lod.;    Ipec;    Nux  v. 
OM  p  eopl  e —  B  ar,  c, ;    H  y  os . ;    Se  nega . 
Freg^ianay — Apoc;     Bry.:     Caust.^     Cf>rt.;      Kali   br.; 

Nux  m.;    Vib.  op, 
Readlnfft   l&Ugblng,   slnslnf,   talking — Alutf).-    Amhra; 

Anac.;    Arg.  m.;    Arg.ft.;    Arum;    Carbov,;    Cauxt^; 

C&n.;     DroM.;    Hep.;     Hyos,;    Iridium;     Mattg.  oc; 

.Mentha:    Meph.;     Phos.;    Rwmtx;    Spon^, ;    Stann.; 

HuL 
itiomach,  irritation  from -- Bis m.;    Kali  m.;    Loh.  inft.; 

Nat,  m.:    Nit.  ac;    Sang.;    Sep.;    SuL;    Ver^  a, 
Swa-Uowing  front— S pong. 

ftWeetS-  Spong.:    Zinc.  m. 

XldkUnffp  ai  from  dust,  teatber— Am.;    Beli,.    Cak,  e.-. 
Carbo  l^,^     Caps.;     Cins ,      Dros.;     EupHoTb^    tiuOcv.'i 
Z^a.  ?/.,    Puris;    Phos.;    Rumm%. 
TiekJiBg^  in  cheat  rmbsternal,  tuprnsteTzitA   louiaT'i- 


^jd  REPERTORY 

j4 intra;     Am.   bn;      Ant.  c,-     Apia;     ArP,,     Brom  ; 

Brjf*;    Cak,  e,;    Carta  v.:    Caust.;    Cham.;     Con.; 

lod.;     Lack.;     Mentha;     Myrtis;      A^wjc   &.,-     Osm^; 

Paris;    Phos.  ac;     Fhos.;    Rhus  t.;  Ritmt^:  Sang.; 

SiL:   Stann.:   611.;    Ver.  a. 
TLokllne  in  larynx — Alum,;    Arg.    m.;     Btli.;     Brotn.; 

Calc.  c;    Caps.;    Carbo  v.;    CauBt.;    Ctpa;    Cqc^uj; 

Cofi.;    Cfot.;     Dras.;    Dulc.;    Eryog.;    lod.;    Lach/; 

Nit.  ac;    SiL:    Spotig.;    5m/. 
TickllBC  in  tliroat — Alum.;     Ainbra:     Am.   br.;   Aral.; 

Arg,    n.;     Cak.   e.;     C(tp$.:     Gin  a;     Can.;     Dros.; 

Bep.;     Hepat.;     Hyos.;     lod.;    Kali  c;     Lact-  v,; 

Lob.  infl,'   Uitli.;  Phax.r  Rumex;   Stantin  iod,;  Su!.; 

Wyetb. 
TobaoGO  smoke  — Mentha;   Spon^.;    Staph 
Undressing,  or  imeovertnc*  body — Bar.  c;  H#p,.-  Kali. 

hich.i     Rhus  i.;     Runiix^ 
Uvula,  relaxed— Hjii?*.;    Kali  c;    Merc.  i.  r. 
Warmth— v4nl.  c;    Bry*;    Caust.j    Mert:,;    Nat*  c*;    Nux 

m,;   Pula. 
Weeplnc— Arn, 
Winter — Aloe^      Ant.    s.    a.;     Cham.;     Ipec;     KreEJS.; 

Psor.      See  Chronic  Bronchitis. 
TYPE— BarJctog;     Aeon.:     Am  bra;     BtH;    CoraL;     Dr«.; 
Igd.;     Kali  hick.-    Phos.;    Sinap.  n.;    Spong.i    Ver*  a. 
Sec  Dryi    Hoarse;    Spasmodic. 
Gfaurtmio  (iilithiiloi.1)  — /l//4«m  «.;    Am.  t.;    At*,  i^d.; 

Bar.    c;     Calc.    iod. ;     Cham.1     Cod.;     Crot. ;     Eup. 
perf. ;      Hyosc.    hydrobr.;      KreosK;      Merc;     N&ia; 
Nit.  a*:.;    Phelland.;     Ph&^.;    SuL      See  Tuberculo- 
sis. 
Groupj — -4cflw,;      Brom.;      Gels,;      Hep.;     lod.;      A'tiit 

bich.;    Nit.  ac^;    Spong,      See  Croup. 

Dr7f  hard,  racking,  hacking,  ihort,  tight,  tloikllng — 

Acal.;    Aciin,;    Alumcn;     Alum,;    Am,  br.;    Ant.  s. 

a.;     Am.    iod.j     Ats,;     At  ton;     Asclep.    t, ;     Avjare; 

Bwll;     Brpm.:     Bry.;     Calc.    c.;     Canth,;      Cap»,: 

Carb.  ac;    Carbo  v. ;    CaMst.;    Cffpa;    Chafn.;    Cioa; 

Cod.;    Con.;    Corah;    Drog,;    Perr.  p.;    Hep*;    Hy- 

droc.   ac;     Hyot.;     Hyofic.    hydrobr.;     Iga.;     lad*; 

Kaii  bich.;     Kali   br.;      Kali  c;     Kreos.;     Li^ch,i 

La«K;   Lob.  infl.;    Mentha;    Merc;    Morph>;     Naja; 

^  Nit^ac;    Nuxv.',   OV.  v^-^    Onoim,;    O^w.;    Plftov^-, 

Ikp      Puis*:    Rhmt.;     R^tnts;    StW\*\   ?5axv%.-,   SaifcV  in-*, 


BESPIRATOB.Y    SYSTEM  937 


^^        Scilla;    Swjtffga;   Bil.    Spong.;    Stann.;    Stieta;   Sul.; 

Tela  ar.;    Tub-t     Vtrbagc;    Wyeth. 
Ezploslve,  nolEy — Caps.;     Dros,;     Otm.;    Solan,   lye: 

Strych.      See  Spas  mod  ic, 

I ^F&tlgulni:,    eidi&UAtliijr,    lrrttatln|:^.4co>f.;     Am.    c: 

^^L  Arum;  Aviare;  BelL;  Bry.;  Cham.:  Ci^d,;  Can.; 
^^^  Coral,;  Dron..  Hydroc,  ac;  iptc;  lod.;  Kali  br. ; 
^^  Lad.  v.:   Mentha;    Myrtis:   Va/a,    Phelland.;    Phos,; 

Rttmexas.;     Rvntex;    Saxtg.;    Sitt^ga;    Sep.;    Silph. 

cyr.;    Stieta;    Slrych,r    Tela  ar.      See  Spas md die. 
Hoarse,  lioUoWi  deep,  metallic — Aeon.;    Ambra;    Ant 
^^  t. ;     Ars.    iod.:      Arutn;     Bram.;     Bry.;     Carbt*  v.; 

^^L  Caust.;  Cina:  Bros.;  Dulc:  Biiphorb.;  Htp.: 
^^P  Iridium;  Kali  hick.;  Lyq.;  Meph.;  Myrtia;  Nit. 
^^  ac;      Pkos.;     Samb. ;     Spong.;     Ver.    a,;       Vtrba^G, 

See  Spasuiodic, 
Lsryiige&l.   nerroui— Ambra;     Asar.:      BtlL;      Brom.; 

Caps.;     Carbo    v.;     Caan.;     Cina;     CoraU;     Cwpr.; 
^_  Bros.;     Gels.;     Hep.;     Hydroc-    ac;     Nyot.;   Jg«^: 

Hto'  Ipec;  Kali  in.;  Lack.;  Merc.;  Nit.  ac;  Nux  v.; 
^Bf         Puis.;    SatKOK.;    Snl.;    Ver.  a. 

LoDEe.   rattHsg,   gaggliLe,    choking,    str&siglliic— Am. 

br,;     Am.   m,;     Ant.  i.;     Ars.i     Bals,   per.;     Brom.; 
■■b  Catc,  uc;    Cii^c.  fn,'    CheL;    Cina;    Cupr.  m.;    Drcjs.; 

^^P  Dulc.^    Eup,  perf.;    Hep^;    lpf€.;    Kali  m^;    Kalis,; 

^^  Msrc;      Nat,    s.;     Phos.1      Ptth.;     Rbua    t.;     Scilla: 

Senec;    Stann,;    Stjcta:    SwL;    Ver.  a. 

gpacmodiCt  p&Toxynnjil,  nerroui,  vtolenti  tiifEocittlTv-^ 

Agar.;    Ambra;    Antr  br.;    Ant.  ars.;    Ant.  1.;    Am.; 

»Ars.;     A&ar,;     Belt.;     Brom.;     Bry.;    Caps.;     Carb. 
aq.;      Carbo    f.;      Cattst^;     ClieL;      Cina;     Coc:CU»; 
Cottr;    Coral. :    Cupr.  ac;    Ctipr.  tn.;    Drcs.;    Dulc; 
Gel$,;     Hep.;     Hydroc,    ac;     Hyon,;     iRn*;     lod.j 
Ip0c.;    Kali  c:    Lach.;    Lat^.  v.;    Laur.;    Mag.  p.; 
Mtph.;     Merc;     Naph.;     Nit.    ac;      Nmx  v.;     Op,; 
Dim,;     Pha?.;     Ruitiex;     Santb.;     Sang,;     Santpn*; 
Scilla;     SiL;    Stann,;    SiiL;    TrifoL;      Vi^la  ttd. 
WlieeBlngp    aitJun&tle — Ambros.:      Ari.;      Betiz,    sd 
Croc;    Iod,;    Ipwc;    Kali  bich,;     Lob,  inil.;     Mepli.; 
Nit.  ac ;    Sang.;    Spong.      See  Spasmodic 
PEBTUSSIS  —  Wbooplng:      Aeon.;       Alutnen;       Ambfoi^: 
Am.br.;    Am,  m.;    Ant.t.;    Am.;    Bad.j    BwlL;    Brf- 
^ajx.;     Carb.    ac;     Catiav-ta;     Cetfeuta    ta-i.v     C^miX^^. 
ma;     Cinch.;    Cocaine; 


'■ 


93®  RBPBRTOHY 

Cupr.  m.;  Dro9.;  Dulc;  Eupharb.  d&lh.:  Euplir.T 
Formal;  Grind.;  H^p.,  Hydrm,  ac,;  Hyos.;  Ipn.: 
Kalib^r.;  Kalic;  Kali  m,;  Lob^  m.;  Mag.  p.:  Miph.. 
Merp.;  Maph.;  Nil.  ac-;  Op.:  Pbcs.;  Puig.;  Sc^Jm 
Solan,  c;  Ton  go;  Trifol.;  Ver,  a.;  Viola  od.  See 
Spasmodic. 

B^rly  fttftge  (spasmodio}  —  Aeon,;  Carb.  ac:  Ca«4d»ia, 
CheL;     Drvn;    Meph. 

Later  stage  i  catarrhal) ^Hep.;    iptc^;    Puis. 

ConviiUlona — BelL:    Cupr.ac.;   Cuprum.;    Hydruc,  ac^ 

Heniorrba^e — Am.;       Cwrtttm     ox,;       C&raL-,      Citpr; 

Dros,:    Ind,;    Ipec^:    Merc* 
VomltlDtf — Cer^itm    0.%,;      Coccus;      Cupr,     m.;      Oros., 

tpC€. 

CONG  OMIT ANTB-^Bo^yi   vUSt,  riglfl»  i^yanosls:    Am.  t.; 

.^ii(.f.,    Carbov.'    Coral.;    Cupr.  aur.;    Cupr,  m,'   lod.; 
Ipec;    MepH.;    Op.;      V*f.  a. 
Crylnif— .4r».;    Bry.;    Caps.;    Sa^mb. 

DlirrlKEa — Cupr.  ar^.,-   Euphorb.  dath*;  Humtx:;  Vtr.  a. 

DyEpnoea — Ambra;     Am.  c.     Ani.  t.;    BelL;    Cof^i*  p-^ 

Uina;    CoraL;    Cuprum,;  Euphorb,;    Hep,;    HippOi; 

lod.;    ipef.;    Kali  bich.;    Lob.  iafl.;    Mwpk,;    Kaph.; 

Cp.;     Samb.;     Senec;       V>r.    o.,'       Fia/a    od     See 

Respiration, 

Eplitaxls,     Weedlngi— Vlrw.;      Cereum     ox..      Coral ; 

Cupr  :     Dfas.;    Ind.  ;    lod.;     Ipec,^     Merc. 

EXPECTORATION:    TYTE  AND  NATXTBE  -Albtlimln<»us 

clear,  W^t«;     Arg,    m.;     Coccus.;     Eucal.;     Kali  w..* 

Bitter— Calc.  c:    Cham,;    Kali  n.;    Pwi*. 

Bloody p  blood  streaied— ^pott.;  Arg,  n.;  .4 pit.;  An,; 
Beil.,  Bry.;  Calc.  c;  Can.  s.;  Canth.:  Cetmri 
CoraL;  Crot.;  Dig,;  Dulc;  Eh  pa;  F^rt,  p.;  Hff-l 
IocJk;  Kali  n.i  Laur.;  Led,:  Merc,  c;  MiUt!. 
Nux  v.;    Op.;    Pkoa.;    Rkui  t.:   Selefi.;    SiL;    TfifJ. 

CastK— Ca/c.  ac'    Kali  bich. 

Daytime— A  in  bra;    C^lc.  c;    Hyws. 

Eaiy,  raising  of— .4  rg.  m.;    Ptils.s    Stann,;    Tub. 

Fetid,   ofZonilTe — Bor.i     Calc.   c;     Cop*.;     Carbo  v.; 
Cop.;    Kaiic;    Lye;    Pktfth fid,;    Phos.  ac:    PvsU 
Psor.;    5aKg,;    Sii.;    SUtwv. 
0Jo  bii J  ar,  Jumpy  —Agar.;    Kto  .  ^  ,  K^v ,  v, .  e  a4. ,  C*k, 


HESPIRATOHV    SYSTEM  939 

Qra7p  Ereenlih  m.ucout — Antng^a. ;     Bshb,   ac;    Calc, 

tiod.;    Calcnd,^    Can.s,;     Carbo  v.;    Cop.;    Ferr.  ac; 
Kali  lod.;     Kaolin;     Lyc;     Nat*  ?,;     Paris;    Phoa.; 
Puis.;    Senega;    Silph.;    Spong.;    Stann,;    Sul, 
FrofUie — .^mmon.;     Am,    nir^     Ant.    ara.;      Ant.    tod.; 

tAp.t.  t.;  Ars,  iod.;  Asclep,  t.;  Bah.  per,;  Canth,: 
Carbo  p.;  Cinch.:  Coccus;  Cop.;  Dulc;  Eucal. ; 
Grind.;  Hep.;  Hepat.;  Hydr.;  Kali  hick.;  Kali 
iod.;  Kreos,;  Laur;;  ^ye^'  Merc;  Nat.  ars,; 
Phelland,;  Phos.  ac;  Piloc.^  Puis.;  Sang.; 
Scilla;  Senega;  Sep,;  ^t/-;  Silph.;  Sfann.-  Sui.; 
Tereb-;  TrilL;  Zing. 
Punileditr  muco-purulenV-Ammon.^  Ant.  10 d.;  Ar^. 
iod.;    Asolep.  t.;    Bac;    Bals.per.;    Calc.  c\;   Calc.  Ei.; 

»  Carta  v.;     Cinch.;     Cop.;     Dros,;     Eucal.;     Eryng.; 

Hep.;      He  pat.;       Hydr,;       Kali    hich.;       Kali     p,; 
Krwos,;     Laur.;     Lye,;     Merc;     Myrtis;     Phos.   ae.; 

Pk&s.:      Pipe    t.;     Sahs.     n.;      SiL;     Stann.;     S»L; 

Tereb. ;    Tereb.  scor. 
Rust-colored — Bry.;'   Perr.  f», ;     Phos.;    Rhna  l,.    Sang. 
Salty— Ambra;    Ars.;     Kaliiod,;    Lyc;    Mag,  ^,;    Pbos. 

ac;    Phua.;    Puis.;    Scilla;    Sep,;    Stann. 
Scmnt? — Alum,;     Ars.;    Bry.;     Caust.;     Kali  c;     Lacrh.: 

iXux  V,.     Pkas.;     Rumex;    Sang,      See  Viscid. 
Seroui,   frothr,   watery— .4 tr on..;     Am.    c.t     Ant.   ar»,; 

Ars.;    Bry.;    Croc;     Kali  iad.;    Oenantbe;    Phos.; 

Piloc  ;     Silpb.;    Tanac. 
Slip B  tka ck ,  or  mm t  he  sw&llo w &d  —  Ar n . ,    Caust.;   I o d . ; 

Kalic;    Lach.;    Nux  m. 
soapy— Ca  us  t, 

Sweetlsll     Hepat,;    Sang.  n. ;    Siann,;    SuL 
VlECldp    tcn&clouSf    dimcult    of    rftislDC— Allium    s.; 

Alum.;    Ammon  ;      Am.    c;     Am.    m.;     Ant.    i.    a; 

Am.  r;    Ars.;    Asclep.  U;    Bal»,  per.;    Bell.:    Bov,; 

Canth.;    Carbo  v.;    Cc^^cuM;    Dulc^;    EucaT.;    Grind.; 

Hydr,;    Ipec;     Kaii  bich,;     Kali  c;     Laur,;     Lyc 

Morph.;    Nat.  s.;     Nux  v,;    Osm.;     Pariit;    Rumex; 

Sang.;   San^i.  n,;   St^illa;    Senega;   Sil.;    Bilph.;    StiL; 

Stann. 
Oaplnj,  altemite*  with,  coush— Ant,  t. 
arafipsgenitala     Zinc.  m. 

Grasps  throat   -Aeon  ;    Cepa;    lod.;    Lob.  inft, 
OuTgliiSf  ^  Tfom  throAt,  t&  itomacb  —  Cm&. 
M4rp6i  fAeiMtlB   -Am.     ben  Skin. 


94t>  REPEHTOTtT 

HoarieaCBI  — Ambra;      Brom,;     CaUnd,;     Caust.;     Eup, 
pfff-:    Hep.;    lod.;    L^ch.;    Mepli.;     Mtrc;    Pkas,: 
Sil.:    Spong.;   Sul. 
Eyperesthesta  Of  B1UC01«— ifWr,'  Con.i    H^^p*,,-  ^&th.; 

Rumex. 
LaeliryiiiaUon— Cays,^     Ce/ta;     Cin»:      Euphor.;     Nat 
m . ;    Scilla^ 
FAINS — Sormess  Inr    Gheit:    Abies   □.;     Sail.:    Brom.; 
Bry.;    Caps.;     Canst.;     ChcL;     Cinch.;     Cina;     Cora- 
raocL;     Bros.;    EIopsj     Eup.  p^ff.;    Euphorb.i    lod,; 
Kali   bich.;      Kali  c:     Kali   iod.;     Kali    n.;     Kreos,; 
Lad.  V,;    Meph.;     M^rc.;    Nat.  c;     jVc^  *,;     NiecoL; 
Nux  v.;  r  phelland.;     Phos.;    PhyC:     i^nrtn-sr:    Senega; 
Sticta;    Sttl.;    Thasp. 
Dlitant  parts — Caps.;    Canst.;   Chel.;    Lach.;    Nat,  m. 
Head— i?Eth,:     Bell.;     Bry.;    Formica;     Nat.   tti.;     Nu% 

v.;     Sul. 
Head,  lie  places  hands  to  it — Bry.;    Caps.:    Nat.  ra. 
Larynx — .'icon.;      Ant.    t.;      A^clep.    t.;      B»li.;     Caust,; 

Cepa;    Inula;    lod.;    Nit,  ac;    Rumex;    Spi>n£. 
Stoma di,  abd<9iiil^i — Asclep.  t,;    Niix   v,;  Puis.;  Thuya. 
Throat — B^lt.;    L&ch^y    Merc,  i.  r, ;    Sil. 
Polyuria— ScaU- 
Prostration — Am.  c;    Ant.  t  ;    Art.;   Coral.;    Cupt.  m.; 

Cur.;     Hej>-;     I  pec,;     Meph.;      Vsr.  ej. 
Kawnens*  soreness  of  chesi; — AmyK.  am.;    Ant*  s.  a; 
Bry.;    Calc.  c;    Canst.;    Coral.;     Dig.;     Eup.  ptrf.; 
Ferr.  p.;    Geb.;    Grapfin;    Ma^,  m,;    Meph.;    Pha§*; 
Rhits  t.;;     Rumex;    Selen.;    Stann. 
KuhB  face,  with  flsts^Scilla. 
Sleepiness,  between  attacks — Euphorb.  dath. 
SULeezlng,  at  end  of — Ag^r. ;    Scilla;   Senega. 
Spasms      Beli.;    Cina;     Cupr.  ac;    Cupr.  m,;     Hydroc* 

sc.;     Oenanthe;    Soian.  Cr 
Urin  e,  Involuntary ,  spurting  of — Al  u  m. ;  C  ap« . ;  Ca  iff  I . ; 
Colch.;     Ferr.;    Nat.   m,;     Puis.;     Rumex;     Scilia; 
Ver.  a,;    Verbasc*;    YfTba, 
Yomltlng: — Alumen;    Ant.  t.]     Bry.;    Cupr.  ac;    Cupr, 
ars.;     Cur.;      Dros,;     Euphorb.    dath.;     Ferr,    m.; 
Hep,;    ^pec,;    Kalic,;    Kreos..-    Meph.;    Sit,;    Ver.  a. 
AMEI.I0KATI0N8 —From  drinking,  cold  things:    Can^h; 
C  npr,  m .  ,■    P  h  os .  i    T  a  b. 

From  dJlnklng»  warm  thlnsi — ^pf>u^. 
-From  catlntf^Fert.;  Spo^^g. 


RESPIRATORY    SYSTEM  94I 

»      From  emct&tloni^Saiig. 

(      From  lyJBg  down — Cak    p^    Mang,  ac. 

Fram  placing  handB,    on    chest— Hry.;     Caps.;     Cina; 

Dros.'     Enp.  perf.;    Laet.   v.;     Nai.  s. 
From  resttn^p  on  haniis  «nd  feet — Eup.  perf* 
From  re&tlng,  with  h&nilB  on  thlghi— Nit^col. 
From  si 1 1 Inif  up  —  fJr > . ;    DroK.;    Hep.;      Hyat.,*     N at ,  s , 

Phelland.;     Ptth  :    Sany, 
Froiii  warmth— Bad. 
LARYNX     Anesthesia  of:    Kali  br. 

Bumlns  In — -4w,  w.;    Arg.  m.:    Arj.;    Canth,;    Af*rr.; 
Me?.;     Paris;    Rutnex;    Sang.;    Spt>ng.;    Zing.      See 
Pain. 
Coldness  In — Brttm.:   Rhust,;    Sul. 

Convttieted  feeling  In— Aeon.;  B^U.;  Brom.;  Catad.; 
Chhtfum;  Cupr.-  Guaco^  Hydroc.  ac;  tifd^; 
Mang.  ac;  Mosch.;  Ox.  ac. ;  Spong.^  Still,  See 
Spas  IDS  ^ 
■  OrTnetsln-'Ars.;  EelL!  Dub,;  lod.;  K&li  iod.;  Lem- 
na;  Mang.  ac;  UcZr[  Fhas.;  Pop,  c;  5a«e,; 
SpCfWf,  See  InfJarnination. 
Edemm    Ol    glottll—j^pM;     j4fj.;      Bell.;      Kaii    i&d.: 

Laih.^    Piloc;    Sattfg.;    Stram.;    Vipera. 
Eplfflottla,    affections    of — Cepa;     Chlofum;      Hepat.; 
Wyoth. 
LABYNOms — Inflammation     of:      Acute^     catarrhal  r 
Aeon.;     Apis;      Arg.    tn,;      Ats.    iod,;      Arum;      BiflL; 
Brom..    Canth,;    Causi^;    Cepa;    Cub^:     Dros.;     Duh,; 
Hfp.;     Iod.;     I  pec;      Kati  bieh.;     Kali  iod.;     Mtrc; 
Osm.;      Pkci.;      Rhujt    t.;      Rumex;     Samb,;     Sang.; 
5 pong.;    SuL 
AfTO(plllO— Am.    m.;       Kali    bick.;      Kali    iod.;      Lach.; 

ManM.  at.;    Phos.;    Sang. 
ChrOBlo,  cAt»rrhal — Am,  br.;    Ant.  ».  a.;    Ant.  t.;    Arg^ 
m,;    Affi,  n.;    Calc.  €.;    Calc.  iod.;    CaTbotK;    Caust.; 
I  Cotyled.;    Dror.;    titp,;    Iridium;     Kaii  bich.;    Kali 

iodr;     hack.;     Mang,   ac;     Aferc;     Nat.    m,;     Nat. 
SLelen.;     Parii;    Phot.;    Puh.;    Rhus  t.;    Sang,  n, ; 
Stien,;    Senega;    Siann.;    StilJ.;    Swi, 
Folll CUlar  —  iod.;    K ab  i i> d .  ■    S uL 

Membranous  eicudate  i membranous  croup)— .4 r«^  ac; 
Aeon.;  Animon.;  Am,  ajmit.;  Ant.  t.;  Ars,  iudn; 
Afs.;  BeJi.;  Bmm.:  Con.;  DftJ&.,  Yttv.  VA  ^*^. 
/od.  .■    A  a  it  b  ich .;    K  ali  m . ;    K&Vi  n .  -.  15.b.&\\i\\  \m 


94a 


REPERTORY 


Mp.rc.;      Phos. ;  Samb.;      Sang*     See     Diphthtrift 

(Throiit). 

CBOITT— Sp&muNUc;  Aeon.;      Ant.     t.r      Ars.:      BcU.; 

Benzoin ;     Hmm.;  Bry  ;    Cak*  ;^,;    Catc,  i^d,:    Chlor^ 
um;    Cupr,;    Euphorb. ;    Feri*.  p.;     Nfp.;    IgQ.;    lod; 

Ipec;     KoHbich.;  Kali  br.;    Kali  n.;    Kaolin;    Laeh,; 

Jieph,;      Mnflch.;  Ph^i,:     Samb.j     SAn£«;     Spang., 

SypMlitio,     asEoclateil     with,     Kecondary   sTiiiptoimB— 

M<^rt;.  c.    Nit.  ac:. 
ByphllUlCt  A.i&OGlated  with,  tertl&iy  symptaaeLi — Aut,\ 
Citiniib,-      loil.,       Kaii    buh,;      Kali    i&d.;     Lach.; 
Merc,  c;     Merc.  i.  fi.;     Merc,  i.  w,;    Mez.;     Nii.  nc; 
SaiiK  ;    Thuya.      See  Syphilis  (Male  Sexual  System} 
Syphlll tl c p  h exeditaiy — A\*r.;  Fluor,  ac , :  Hep . ;  Kreus . : 
Merc.  i.    H.;     Merc.  ».    r.;    Merc;      Nit.    dr.;    Pfcj/|., 
SuL;    Thuyit- 
Tuberouloui— ArR.   n.:     Af».  iod.;   Ars.;     Atrop,;    Sapt.; 
Calc.    c:     €alc.    p.]     Ciintb,;     Cauat.;;     Dtot,;      ¥&Tt, 
p.;     lad.;     Ipec;     JaboT, ;     Kalit!.;     Kalim.^    Rreos., 
Mang.  ac;    Merc,  nit.;      i\at.  selen.;    Nit.  ac.;   Ph<».i 
Selen.;    Spong, ;    Siann, 
Irritation  ol — Arg,   m^;     Bar.  c;    Chlorum;    Hwp.;   Kali 
bich.;      Kali    iod^;      K&H    pertn.;     Lack,;     Kfang.  ac; 
Phojt.      See  Rawness. 
MuoUB    in — Arg.    m.;     Atk- 


Kali  hick.;  Kali  t.; 
Paris;  Samb,;  Sani;.; 
Palni  In — Arum;  Belt,; 
Lach.;  Mang,  ac; 
0*m.;     Phax.;    Sang. 


Br  am.;    Can  til.:      fffp^ 

Lack.:     Mattg.    ac;    Ox.  ae^ 

Selen.      See  in^amTnation. 

Cepa;      Hep,;      l^d.;     Kreos.; 

Med.;      Merc,     c:      Nit.    ac; 

See  Inflammation^ 


PaljpUB  In- 

Thuya. 

BawneBB, 
Aeon.; 
CdUHi.; 
perm. ; 

Spang. 


-Bcrb.    v.;     Psor. ;     San^.,    Sang. 


Teucr.; 


Arg.     m., 
Cham.; 
Kaolin; 


soreneiB,     lentltiYemeti     of— 

Arn,;       Arum;      Bell.;     Benzoin; 

Hsp,;       lod.;        Kali     i&d.;      Kali 

Lach.:     Mang,   ar.;     Med- 


RhiiE     t.;       Rumei;; 


Mfft; 
Sang,; 


Phaw.;      Pah.  I 
Sul.;    Zijit.  m. 

LABTEfOlflBTDS  STBIHULUS  — Spasmi  Of :    .icen,;   Agar. 
Am.  caust.;    Arum;     Beii.;    Brum.;    Calc  c;    Calc.  p.; 
Chel.;    CkioTitm^    Chloral;    Cinch,;    Coral.;    Cupr,  ac; 
Cupr.    m.T      Formal:      Gela.;     \s.tl.\     lod.;     ^^U.  h^.\ 
cph.;    Moach.;    Samb.;    S^j^qui,/,   StfjitV. 


RESPIRATORY    SYSTEM 


943 


IckUsff  In — Alym,;    Atnbra;     Ant,    s,    a,;    BetL;    C*.ps,i 
Cepa;       Ccccux;       Cop-i        Dulc^;      lod^,'       Kali     bich.; 
Phas,      See  Cuugh. 
luaors  Of,  benign — Chusi,;    Kali  bich. ^    Sang,;   Thuya. 
uznors  ol, malleiiaiit — Ars.   iod  ;     Ara.;     Bdl.j     Clem.; 
Con.,      llydr.:     lud.;     Kreofi.i    Lach.  ■    Morph.;    Phyt.; 
Satig.:    Thuya. 
ocal    cordSr    wealt — Carbo    Vr:      Caust.;     Coca.;     Phos. 

See  Voice. 
OICE— Deep,  bAES :    Brom,^    Camph 

Dros.:    Pop,  c;    SuL;     Vfrbct4c* 
High*  piping-  BdL 
Hoars Cp  aphonia     Aa^n,;    Alumcn. 
Am.   m.;     Antr   c:     AntipyT.; 
Arn,;     Ars-   iod.;     Arutn;     Bell. 
Bry.;    Calc.  c;    Camph,;    Carbo  v^^    Cauii.; 
Chlorum;    Cina;    Cixa;    Cub,;    Drog^;    Dub.; 
Eup.     perf.;      G^is.;      Hip-^      Hyoia,;      lgn.\ 
Ip0c.'      Kali    bich,,'     Krcos.;      Mang*    ac.; 
^^^    Nit,  a.c.1    Nux  ni.:    N^AX.  v.;    Osm,;    Ox.  ac*; 


Carbo  vr,    CaniL; 


Alum. ;  Am.  cauH.; 

Arg.   m.:     Arg.  n.; 

Benzoin;     Brottt^; 

QhaTH . ; 

I     lod,; 
Merc- ; 
^^  Paris; 

^^    Fhps,:    Plat.;     Pop.  u.;     Pula.;     Rhus  t-     Rum^x,- 
^^^    Samb.;     Sang.;      Sang,    n.;     Seitn.;     Sil.;     Spong,; 

Still.;    5uL;    Ver.  v,;     Verbaic. 
Capri  oiOUi— Puis. 
Chronic— Am  pel  op.;     Arg.  w.;    Bar.  i^,;    Cale.  ii.[  CarbG 

v.;   Cauii.;   Mang.  ac;    Pkoi.:   Sul. 
€rouP7 — Ail,;    Ca\iBt.;    Cepa;    Hep.;    Kalis,.    Spong. 
Froin  erylng— Aeon. ;    BelL;    Pboa.;    Spong. 
From  OTeruElnff  voice—  Ahi m ,  i    A rg,  m.:    Atg.n,;  Am. ; 

Arum;    Carbn   \\\     Caust,;    Coca;    Fem   p,;    Ferr. 

pier.;     Med.;     Merc,    cy.;      RhuA   i.;     5ff/tfM.;     Still.; 

Sul. 
Falnle» — Cak.  c.;    Carbo  v.;    Paris. 
Paretic ^ — Aco.  cau^t.;    Ctiuii.;     Gels.;    Lach.;    0:r.  i»r.; 

Pho5,;    Si!. 
WorR«,  at  end  of  cold — Ipec. 
Wora*,  In  A.M.  —  Amm;    Benz.  ac;     Calcic;       Cauti.; 

Eup.  perf.;    Hep.;    Mang.;     Nux  v.;    Sul, 
Worie,  In  fM.  — Carbo  v.;    Kali  bkh.-    Phos.;    Rum*^. 
Worse,  In  d&mp  weather^-Carbo  v. 
Worse,  walking  against  wind — Eaphr.;    Hep.;    Nnx  m. 
Timbre,  varies  continually — Arit,  c;    Arum;    Atg.  m  % 

BelL;     Causf. 

voice  producer,  Xncfantaneous — C^a;    Pq\>.  c. 


944  REPERTORY 

Whispering,  weak  yoice — Arg.    m.;     Canth.;  KCautt.; 
Dub.;     Phos.;    Pop.  c;    Primula;    Puis.;    Vera. 
LUNGS — ^Alltcett  Of:     Aeon.;     Ars.     tod.;     Bell.;    Cap.; 
Chin,  ars.;    Cinch.;    Hep.;    Merc;    Sil. 
CongettiOin    of — Aeon.;     Ars.    iod.;      Bell.;     Bothrops; 
Cad.;     Conv,;      Ferr.    p.;     Iod.;      Kali    n.;     Lye; 
Stroph.;    Sulphon.;    Upas;     Ver.  v.      See  Inflamma- 
tion. 
Congestion   of,   passive — Carbo    v.;      Dig.;     Ferr.   m.; 
Nux  v.;    Phos.;    Sul, 
EMPHYSEMA— Dilatation  of  eells:    Am.  c;    Ant.  art.; 
Ant.  t.;    Ars.;    Aur.  ntur.;    Calc.  c;     Calc.  p.;   Carbo 
v.;     Dig.;     Dros.;    Glon.;     Grind.;     Loh.  infl.;    Lye; 
Myrtis;      Phelland.;      Phos.;     Spong.;      Strych.     Sec 
Asthma. 
Distended  feeling  in— Tereb. 

Edema  of — Am.   c;     Ant.  t.;     Apis;     Ars.;     Cochlear.; 
Kali  c;    Kali  iod.;    Lach.;     Phos.;    Piloc;    Pulmo 
v.;    Sang.;    Senec;    Stroph.;    Tub. 
Gangrene  of — Arn.;     Ars.;     Caps.;    Carbo  an.;     Carbo 
v.;     Crot.;     Dulc;     Hep.;     Kreos.;      Lach.;    Xyc: 
Sec;    Sil. 
HEMOPTYSIS — Hemorrhage  from:     Acal.;     Aeon.;    Al- 
lium s.;    Arn.;     Cad.;    Carbo  v.;    Chin,  ars.;    Cinch.; 
Dig.;    Ergot.;     Erig.;     Ferr.  ac;    Ferr.  m.;     Ferr.  p.; 
Gelat.;     Geran.;      Ham.;      Helix    t. ;      Hydrast.    mur.; 
I  pec;     Kreos.;     Lamina;     Led.;     Meli.;     Millef.;  Nat. 
nit.;    Phos.;    Rhus  t.;    Sang.;    Sul.ac;    Tereb.;   Trill.; 
Ver.  V. 
Bright,  red,  blood— Acal.;    Aeon.;    Aran.;    Caet.;    Ferr. 

ac;    Ferr.  p.;    Geran.;    Millef.;    Rhus  t. 
Dark,  clotted,  blood — Flaps;    Ferr.  mur.;    Ham.;    Sul. 

ac. 
In  drunkards — Hyos.;    Led.;    Nux  v.;     Op. 
With  cough — Aeon.;    Aral.;     Ferr.  ae.;    Ferr.  p.;    Ipec; 

Phos.      See  Cough. 
Without     cough,    or    effort — Aeon.;      Ham.;      Millet".; 
Sul.  ac. 
Hot  feeling  in — Aeon.      See  Congestion. 
BRONCHO -PNEUMONIA — Inflammation  of :    Aeon.;  Am. 
iod.;     Ant.    ars.;      Ant.    t.;     Ars.    iod.;     Bell.;     Bry.; 
Chel.;     Ferr.  p.;    loA.\   l"pec.\     Kocfi's  lymph;    Phos.; 
Puis.;    Solania;    Tub. 
CB0UF0U8     PNET3MOyiK— lT\tVi>Tfinft\^XXqa    ^\\      Kco>n  \ 


RESPIHATORY    SYSTEM 


945 


Agar,;     Am*    iod^; 
Apo^lo^ph^;     Ars. ; 
Ca^cnph.;     Catbo   v.; 
Hep.;    I&d.;   Ipec; 


Ant.    ars.;      Ant.    iod,;      Ant.    /.; 

BtlL;     Brom.;     Bry.;    Caffeine; 

Chei.;    Cinch.;     Digf.;     Ftrr.  p.; 

Kaiic;    Kaliiod.;    Lach,;    Lyc^; 


Bry,-       Fert, 


Kali  iod.;     Pkos.: 


Stann. 


Bry.; 


MeTf^.;    Millef.;    Nat.  s,;    Op.;    Ox.  ac;     Pkos,;    Ran, 
b.;     Rhus  t.;    Sang.,'    Strych.;    SuL;    Tub.;    Vat.  a.; 
Ver.  V. 
fi  iTAOE — Conge »tiv«:      Acoh,;      Bell,; 
I  Sang.  L      tVf .  V. 

ConEOlldatlcm — Ant.  t.;    Bry,:    I&dr, 
SaniLj,;     Sul, 

IBeEOLutlon— ^Hf.  i.;    Ars.  iud.;    An;.;    Carbd  v. 
lod.;     Kaliiod.;   Lye.;    Fhos.t   Sang,;   SiL: 
iod.;   5m/h 
TTPE— Bilious :    Ch$L;   Merc;    Phos. 
Latent— Chd.;    Phos.;   5m/. 

Neglected,  lingering,  caws— /In/.  (,.-    Ara.  iod.; 
I  Carta  v^:    Cinch.;     Hep.;     Lye;    Phos.;    Plumbs 

I        Beconilary — Ant.  ars,^    .4m.  i.;    Ferr.  p.;    Phos, 
Senile — Ant*  ars.;    Ani.  t.;    Dig, 
Typhoid — Hyoi.;    Lach.;    Phos.;     Rhus  t. 
F&r»l7lii   of   limffl— Am,    c;     >!»/.    tio.;    Ant.  i.;    Bac; 
Car  bo     v,;       Cur.;       Duic;       Grind.:      Hydroc.     ac; 
Lach  ;     Laur.;     Lob.    pur  p.;     Lye;    Mar  ph.:     Moscb.; 
Phc^.;    Solan,  ac. 
Tired  feeling  In — Ail.;    Arum. 

TnB£E€tn.OSIB  — (PHtHlslspulmonallS)!    Acal.;     Aeon.; 

Agaricin;      AUium    s.;      Ant.    iod.;      An,    iad.;     Ar$,; 

j  Atrop,;     Aviare;      Bqc;     Bals,    per;      Bapi.;     BelL; 

I  Blatta  or.;     Bry..-    Calc  arm.;    Cak.  tr,;    Calc  chlor.; 

Calc.   iod.;     Calc.    p.;     Calop.;      Cetrar.:     Chin,    ars.; 

Cim.;   Cod.;    Crot,;   Cupr.  ara.;    Drcs.:   Dulc;   Eriod.; 

Ferr.  ars.;    Ferr.  m.;     Ffrr.  p.;    Form,  ac;    Formica; 

Gali.  ac;    Gaaiacol;    Ham.;    Hep-<    Hippos,;    Hydr.;^ 

Hyosc.     hydrobr.;       Ichth.;       lad.;      lodof,;       Ipee.; 

Kala^,;    Kalibich.;    Kaiic^:   Kalin.;     Kreas.;   Lach.; 

l.a^jb  H.;     Lye;     Man^.   ac;    Med-;     Milled;    AlyosiL; 

Myrtis;    Kapb.;     Nai.  cacodyl.;     Nat.  seltn,;    Nat.  s,; 

N«x    v.;     Ox,    ac;      Pk^Uand.;     Phos.    ac*:      Phtis.; 

Piloct      PclygctH.    aif.;     Rata:     Salvia;     Sang.;     SiL; 

Silph.  cyr. ;    Spong,;    Stann  ;    Slicta;    Succin.;    SuL; 

Tcucr,  ficor.;    Thea;    Then;     Tub.;    Urea;   Va^Tva.^. 

Adzfttf    omtMBtB  JJoridA)  — .4o.;     Calc.    c;     ¥<tTt.    m.i 

A^./    P/ios.;    Sang.;   Tber*;    Tub. 


946 


REPERTORY 


CcrnclL— Allium   s.;      Art.    iod.;     Are.;     Aviare;     Bapt.; 

BwlL;    Cinch.;    Cod,;    Curat. ;    Croi.;     Draw.;    Ferr, 

a.c*;    Hwp.;    Hyofi.;    Ipec;     Kalt  c.;    Lach.;    Lob. 

in/l,;    Myofi.;     Nit.  ac;    Phos.;    Silpb- cyr.;    S*aHi*.,- 

Sticta. 
DebUity— AcaL:    Arf^.  iad.:    Avians ;    Chin,  arif,;    Phos. 

Hue  Nervous  System. 
Dl&rrli(B& — Arg.    n,;    Ars.   lod.;    71  r*,/    Cftlcc;    CfWfc.^ 

CoUi,    Indof.;     Fhox^      See  Abdomen . 
Blg«iti7e  dliorderi— Ars.i    Aviare:    Cupr.  a¥t,;    Fej 

are.;     Gall,    ac;      Hydr.;      Nux    v.;     Strych.      See 

StoTnacb. 
£m&  da  tlon  --  AUiu  m  s . :    -4  r  * .  io^. :    Ars . ;    Eriod . ;    L 

My  OS.;    Silpli.    cyn;     Tub^     See  GiineraUties. 
Fever — Ajlimns.;    AraHiod.;    Bapt.:    Chin,  ars.;    Cini 

Fsrr.  p.;    Statiti. 
Ftbrold — C  al  c .  c . ;    San  g , ;    Sil. 
Hetnopt^Sli— 4<raJ,;      Ac^JM./      Cale.     ans. ;       Ferr.     ac; 

/^tfrr.  ff./    Ham.;    Iptc;    MilLef.;     Fho&.      See  Hcm^ 

uptysis. 
tnclplMit— Acal.;    >lfs.  wt^.;    Calc  c.\    Fgrr.  p,*    Im 

Mcdn;    Myrtts;     Fhoa,:    PalyRonM    PuIShI    S\iccli 

Tub.;    Van  ad. 
InionmU— Allium  s.;     Caff.;     Dig,      See   Nervous  Syl-' 

tern. 
Hlffllt    iwe&tl — Agiificin;      ArB.     iod>;      Art.;      Atrop.; 

CtncJf.;    Briod,;    Gall,  a«,:     Hep.;    Jabor. ;    My©t 

Phas,  ac..'    Phot,;    Piloc;    Salvia;    SH.;   Silph.  cyr. 

See  Fever. 
Falni    in    olieit— Aeon.;      Bry.:     Cim.^     Kali 

Chest. 
PLETTBA— Emprema:    Arn.;    Calc.    c^;    C^icr,  ir.,'    Cinch 
Ferr,   mur, ;     Hep.;    IpeCrt     Kali  c,;     Mefc;    Nat.  s^; 
Phort.;    Sil 
Hydrothonz — Adon.    v,;     Ant.    t.;      Apis;      Aws.    iod,; 

Ara.;    Dig.;    Helleb,;     KaH  c;    Kaliiodn;    Litct.  v^: 

Mtrc,  9kI.;   Phos.;    Piloc.;    Ran.  h,;   Sciila;    Senefia; 

SuL 
PliETJitlBY'— AbrGt. ;  Aaan.;  Ant.  am.;  Api»;  Am.; 
Art.;  At^twp.  K;  Bor, ;  Bry.;  Canth.;  Carbo  an.; 
CinchM  ^^i-i'  Ferr.  mur,;  Ftrr.  p.;  Formica; 
Gnaiac.;  H«p.:  l&d.:  Kali  c:  Kali  iod,;  Mtrc; 
Nat.  8.;     Op.;     Phos.;    Ratt.  Vi.v    ^\\^Mfr  \..'.    ^%\i%l.\ 


cpf.;      I 


r 


HESPIRATORY    SYSTEM  947 


Uc  — Hep.;    lod.;    SW. 

matlC— Aeon,:    Bry.;    Rhufi  t. 

^rculous— Bry  ;     Hep.;    iod,;    Kali  e^ 
^h   Blight's   dlse«,se — Ars  ;     Mvrc.   e.      See    Urinary 

System. 
^ISATIOK — ^Arrested      ^apncaa):     Bov,:      Camph,; 
LaiTod.;    Lyssiii'     Upas, 
rested,  on  f ailing  asleep — Am.  c;    Grind.;     Lack.; 

Lac  £1. ;    Op. 
Le3fn«*StokeE — Aeon,  fer.:    Antipyr.;    Atrop.i    Grind ^; 

Kalicy.;    Mot  ph.;    Partb.^    Spari.  s. 
jrftmcBa  (dim cult,  embarrassed,  oppressed,  anxieui) 
^         — Acet.    ac^;     Acon^     fefr,'     Accn^:      Am.    c:      Ant. 

ori.r    Am/,  r.;    Apis;    Apoc.;    Aral.*    Ars.  iod,;    Ar*.; 

Bac;     Bell.;      Blatia    or.,'      Brom.;      Bry*;      Cod.; 

Cajup, ;    Calc,  ars.;    Calc.  c;    Carbov.;    Cepa;  CheL; 

CAJ<7r«m;    Cinch,;    Coca;    ComKi    Crat.;    Cupr.  at.; 

Cupr.  m.;    Cur.;    Dig.;     Dtoa.;     Ferr,  m,;    Ferr.  p.; 

ForfnaL:    Glon, '     Grinds;    Hep.;    Ipffc.t    Kalibich.; 

Kali  c;     Kali  n. ;     Lack,;    Laur, ;     Lob,  infi,;    Lyc^; 

Aferc,  mmI.:     Mosch.;      Napk.;     Nai.  am.;     Nat.  s. ; 

Nu%      v.;      Phas.;      Pothos;      Puis.;       QtiebrQcho; 

Samb,;      Sang.;      S  cilia;      Senec;       Senega;       SiL; 

Spig.p     Spong.;     Stann.;     Stroph.;     Strych.;     SuL: 

Tab.;    Ver.  v.-    Viola  od.'    Zinc,  m.      See  Asthma. 
D7£pn<Ba,  aeKia^ated  at   P,M.— Arj.;    Aur;    Cahinca; 

Carbo  v.;     Dig.;    Samb.;    Sep.;    Sal,;    Trifol. 
From  ascending  st^rs — Calc.  c. 

From  lying  down— A raL;    Ars.;   Cahinca-    Lacb.  ^_ 

From  lying  on  left  side     Tab.  ^M 

From  lying  on  rlgkt  »id«— Viscum  alb,  ^| 

From  lying  with  liead  low— Cinch. 
From  nervoiis  causes— Arg,   n.;    Cujup.;    Puis.;      Vai.; 

Violii  Oil. 
From  aUting  up -Laur. ;    Psor. 
Frmn  sleep,  relieved  t»y  rapid  motion  -  Sep. 
In  aged*  alcoholics,  athletes— C^jca. 
DyspiKsa,    relieved     from   tiendlng    shoulders   \iKtk- 

wards-  Calc   ae. 
From  expectoration  — Am/,  t^t    Zinc.  m. 
From  lying  down     Kab  bich. 
Frixm  lying  on  right  slde»  hands  hlgh^Sv^otk^^ 
From  fff  tting  up — A 1 1/ n .   f er . ;     Av^.,     \l\.%.\     UtT*:; .  -s^xJi 
Samb.;     Tereb. 


I 


948 


REPERTORY 


tn  apen  alr^Calc.  c. :    Lacli.j    SnL 
Gaiplug— Hydroe.  ac;    tpec,,-    Phos. 

Hoarse^  hlsiUis — Acet.  ac*  

liliplratloin    difficult— Cact.:     Chel.:     lod.;   Nicot.:    Ox. 

ac*     See   Dyii|jnix^a. 
liiiptratlon  tree,  explnattpn  Impeded— r/j/^rwrn;    Med.; 
Me  ph.;    Samh. 
TrreiTUlar—AiLL    .!«?.   ;.,     Bell,:     Crnt.;     Dig.,     Hcllcb,: 

Hippois  ;     Hydroc.  ac:    Op,;    TnlL 
Bapld,    thorti   superficial — Acott.    fer.:     Ac&n.t     Ant:  i.; 

Apia;    i4#J£Mr.r    j4r*.;     Bell.:     Bry.^     Cupr.    ac;     Cupr.; 

Cur,;     Ferr.  p..'    Hippoz,;     Laeh.;    Lob.  purp.;   Mag. 

p.;     Mere,    sul.j,    Nat.    s.;     Nnx   v.;    Ox.    ac.;     Phm.; 

Pruti.  sp.;    Senega:    Spong.;   Standi. 
Rattling — AlliuTTi  »►;     Ammon;    Am,  c;    Ato*   m^;    Ant. 

afs.;      Ani.    |.;      Bak.    per.;     Bfom.;    Calc    ac;    Can. 

s.;     Carbo     v.;      CheL;     Chloriim;      Cinfft,;      DuIck; 

//i?^,,'      tpec;      Kali     fn,;     Kali    n.;      JCo/t    s.;     Lye; 

Meph.;       A''flt.    *..■     Oenanthel      Op.;     Phos.;     Fix    1.; 

Pulf,;    S cilia;    Senega;    Stanttr;    SuL;    Ver.  a. 
Bawlng — lod.:    Spong. 
SleMnif— Apoc:   Cak.  p.;    Carb.  ac;   Cereua  bin.:    Dig^; 

Gels.;       Granat,;       HeHeb^;       ign,;       Lack,;       Naph,; 

Nat.  p.;    Op.;    Phaseul.;    Piloc;    Sec;    Sulphcin. 
Slaw, deep — Aur.;     Bcna,  *iin.;     Cact,;    Can,   ind.;  Cinch.; 

Ui)£.;      Qadus;      Gels.;      Npihb,;      Hydtoc.    ac;    Lob, 

purp.;     Op.;    Phaaetil. ;    Piloc;      Ver.  v. 
S ter tQTmti  -Aeon,;      B ell , ;      B ry . ;     Can.    i  n d , ;      Cinch , ; 

Euphorb^    dath.^      He^Ueb,:      Hippoz.;      Hydfoc,    ac; 

Lob.    purp.;      Nat.    sa.1.;      Oennniks;     Op.;    Phaseol.; 

Piloc;      PhoB.;      Sec;      Sulpkon;      Tanac;      Trion.: 

Ver.  V. 
Suffocative^ 4 cf»M.    fer.;     Ant.   /,,'     Apis;     j4r#,,-    Brom,; 

Cact^;     Calc.    C'.;      Cki^irunt;      Ciii^ch.;      Dig-;     Graph.; 

Grind.;     Cuaiac;     Hep.;     Hydroc   ac;     lod.;     I  pec; 

Kali    iod.;      Lack,;      Laired.;     Lil.    t,;     Lye;     Meli; 

Morpb-i       Ma^ch.;      Naja;       Puk.;       Spang.;       SuL; 

TrifoL 

WhoezliiK  — Alnm.^    Ant.    t,;   Ars.;    Can,  s.;    Carbo  v^; 

End*;     Grind,  t     Hep.;     lod.;     lodof.;    Ip0c.;     Kali 

bich.;       Kali    c;      Lycop.;^      Prtin.    sp.;      Senega; 

Spong.      See  Asthma, 

"^M-ACMBA — Bumlllg  to'*     At  a.;    Y^^\  >d\^.\   ^iitv%.    Stt 


RESPIRATORY   SYSTEM  949 

Catarrh  Ot—Ant.  t.;    Ars.;     Bry.;    Calc.  c;     Can.  s.; 

CauMt.;    Conv.;    Cotyled.;    Ferr.  iod.;    lUic;     Kali 

hich.;     Merc;     Nat.   m.;     Nux  v.;     Paris;     Rumex; 

Sil. ;    Stann. 
Com trleted  f eelincf  Of — Cisttis;    Guaco;    Mosch.;     Nux 

v.;    Xerophyl. 
Dryneif   of — Ars.;     Bell.;     Carbo    v.;      Rumex;     Sang. 

See  Irritation. 
Irritation,  rawneii,  hyperfeniitiveneff  of — Acet.  ac; 

Ambros.;     Apis;      Arg.    n.;     Ars.;     Bell.;     Brom.; 

Bry.;    Can.  s.;     Carbo  an.;     Cautt.;     Hyos.;     Kali 

bich.;      Lack.;     Mentha;      Osm.;      Phos.;      Rumex; 

Sang.;    Stann.;    Still.;    Sul.;    Syph.;    Xerophyl. 
Tickling  In — Ambros.;    Brom.;    Calc.  c;    Caps.;    Carbo 

v.;    Cop.;     Lack.;     Nux   v.;     Phos.;     Rumex.     See 

Cough. 


SKIN 


;  BOgACEA— ^ra.  5f.;  Ars.  iod.;  Carbo  an.;  Chry- 
saf.;  Eu^  j,;  Hydroeot,:  Kreas.;  Nux  v.^  Oophon^ 
Petrol.;  Rhus  r.;  Rhus  t.;  SuL;  5**/.  iad.;  Sulphur,  ac, 
ACHE  SIMPLEX ^ Ant.  c,i  Atit.s.  a.;  Ani.  L;  Ars,:  Ars. 
br.;  Ars.  lod^;  Asitninai  Bell*:  BeUb;  Bffrt.  ag-; 
BoVpI  Calc.  J.;  Carbo  an.;  Carta  v.;  Cic.;  Cim.; 
Echin.:  Eug.  J.;  Granat,i  Hep.;  Hydrocoi.;  Kali 
br.;  Kali  bich*j  iiCof*  *W-;  Lappa;  Led,;  Lye.; 
NabuL  5.;  Nux  v.;  Ole^nd,-  Phos.  ac^  Pulfi-i  6^p<» 
SiL;  SuL;  SuL  Iod.:  Sumb. 
From  abuse  of  KI— Aur. 

From  abuse  of  mercury^ Kali  iod.:    Mea.t    Nit.  ac. 
From  SJpblUi — Aur.:      Kali   iod.;     Merc,    s,;      Nit.    ac. 

See  xVtale  Senual  System., 
iBdrunkaidi— Aut.  c.;    Bar.  c;   L^d.;    Nfts  ^.;   RbuA  t. 
In  Bcrofuloufl — Bar.  c;    Brom.;     Cah.  c;    Con.;    /od.; 

Merc.  5.;    Mea.;    Sil,;    S*(i, 
With  oac±x«xla— Ars.;    Carbo  v.;    SiL 
Wltlie*«trloderaiigemflnts— ^H^  <r.,    Carbo  y.:    Cim.; 

Lye;     Nux  v.;    Puis.;    Robin. 
Wl th.  glandular  bw elllngs — B  ro m . ;   C ale .  s . ;    M ere .  s . 
Wltli    indurated    papules — A^ar,;      Berb,    v, ;      Bov.; 
Brum,;    Curb o  an.:    Con.;    Eug.  j.;    Iod,;     Kali  br.; 
Knit  iod.;    RobJn. 
WiWa.  meni  trua.1  irreigulari  tl  e  » — B  elL 

Pk        Y.;    Cale.  c. ;    Cim.;    Con.;    Graphr, 
c;    Kreos.;     Puis.;    Sang,;    Sare,; 
"With  pregnancy— Bell.;    Sars.;    Sep. 
Wltti  rbcumatlam— Led. :   Rbus  t. 
With  sexual  eice»ies — Aur.;     Calc 
Rhus  t.;    Sep.;    Thuya. 
ACTINOMYCOSIS— Kali  iod.;    Nit.  ac. 
ALOPECIA— Alum,;    Authrok,;    Ars.;   Celc  s;  Fluor,  ac^; 
Mancin.;    Nat.  m.;     Pkoi.  ac.;    Phos*;    Piloc;     Fix  I.; 
Sep.;    Tub.;    Vinca.      See  Scalp  (Head), 
AKm&OSIS     (deficient     sweat,    dry    bIcIji)— Acet.    ae. 
Aeon.;     ^^tk.;     Alum.;     Arg*   n-\     Xt^.',      BiU,;   B*l^ 
ff^,/    CroL    t.p-     Graph.;     Iod.;      Kali   ot».;     IS^^Ax 


B«rh.  aQ.;  Berb. 

Kali  br.;    i^&ll 

Thuya;    Ver*  a. 


PkQt.     &^^: 


954  REPERTORY 

Kali   iod.;     Mag.   c;     Malandr.;     Nat.    c;     Nmx  m.; 

Op.;      Petrol.;     Phos.;     Plumb,    m.;      Psor.;     Sanic; 

Sars.;    Sec;    Sul.;    Thyr. 
ANTHRAX— Carbuncle :   MaHgnant  imituleg:    Amhrac.; 

Apis;     Arct.    1.;     Arn.;      Ars.;     Bell.;      Calc.   chlor.; 

Carbo  v.;    Cinch.;    Crot.;     Echin.;    Euphorb.;    Hep.; 

Lack.;    Led.;    Mur.  ac;    Nit.  ac;    Phyt.;    Pyr.;   Rhus 

t.;    Scolop.;    Sec;    SiL;    Sul.;    Tar.  c. 
ATROPHY— Of  Skin:    Cocc;    Graph.;    Sabad.;    Sul. 
BLOOD  "ROUA—Anthrac;    Crot.;     Lack.;    Phos.  ac. 
BLUENESS— LlVldltj   Of:     Agar.;     Ail.;      Ant.   t.;     Ars.; 

Cadm.  s.;    Camph.;    Carbo  an.;    Cinch.;    Cupr.;   Dig.; 

Helleb.;     Ipec;     Kali  iod,;     Lack.;     Laur.;     Morph.; 

Mur.  ac;    Sec;    Tar.  c;     Ver.  a.;    Vipera.      See  Face. 
BROMIDR08I8      (offensive     sweat)- Art.     v.;     Bapt.; 

Bry.;      Carbo    an.;     Cinch.;     Con.;     Graph.;     Hep.; 

Lye;    Merc,  s.;    Nit.  ac;     Petrol.;    Psor.j    Sep.;    SU.: 

Stann.;    Staph.;    Sul.;     Tellur.;    Thuya;    Variol. 
Bromldrosls,  sour  Odor  Of  iKMly — Calc.c;  Cham.;  Hep.; 
Kreos.;    Lac  d.;    Mag.  c;    Rheum;    Sul.  ac;    Sul. 
BURNING — Heat  of:     Acet.    ac;     Aeon.;      Agar.;    Apis; 

Ars.;    Bapt.;    Bell;    Bry.;    Canth.;    Dulc;    Euphorb.: 

Formica;    Kalic;    Medusa;     Nux  v.;    Phos.;    Ran.b.; 

Rhus  t.;    Sang.;    Sec;    Sul.;    Vespa.      See  Pruritus. 
CALLOSITIES      (Corns)  —  Ant.    c;    Elaeis;      Ferr.    pier.; 

Graph.;    Hydr.;    Nit.  ac;    Ran.  b.;    Sars.;    Sil.;    Sul; 

Thuya.     See  Feet  (Locomotor  System). 
CHILBLAINS — Abrot.;      Agar.;      Apis;       Ars.;      Calend  : 

Canth.;     Crot.  t.;     Ferr.   p.;     Fragar. ;     Ham.;    Hep.; 

Petrol.;      Plant.;       Puis.;      Rhus    t.;      Sul.;      Tamus: 

Tereb.;    Thyr.;    Ver.  v.;    Zinc.  m. 
CHLOASMA— Llyer  spots,  moth  patches :    Arg.  n.;   Aur ; 

Caul.;     Cobalt.;     Cur.;     Guar.;     Laur.;      Lye;     A'a/ 

hyposul.;     Paull.;     Petrol.;     Plumb,   m.;     Sep.;    Sul: 

Thuya.      See  Spots,  copper-colored. 
CICATRICES — Affections  Of:    Caust.;    Fluor,  ac;    Graph.; 

Phyt.;    Sil.;    Sul.  ac ;     Thiosin. 
COLDNESS  OF — Aeon.;    Ail.;    Ant.  chlor.;     Ant.  c;    Am 

/.;     Ars.;     Camph.;    Chin,  ars.;     Cinch.;    Crot.;    Dig 

Ipec;      Jatropha;      Lach.;      Laur.;      Pyr.;      Rhus    t. 

Sec;    Tab.;     Ver.  a.      See  Collapse  (Nervous  System^ 

Coldness  (Fever). 
COMEDO  —  Abrot.;     Bar.  c;     Bell.;     Cic;     Dig.;     Eug.  .' 

Mez.;    Nit.  ac;    Sab.;    Selen.;    Sul.;    Sumh. 


SKIN  955 

DEGU1IET00     ^SeaSor^g):    Arp   p.:    Arm.;    Bapt.;   Cwb. 

He;    CaTbi>v.;     Echin.;     FlMm-.at.;    LacH.:    M*f.  «<,; 
Petrol.:    Pyf,;    5W   dc,:    V^ipera.      Se*  Ulc«^ 
1>BUI£ATAli4IEA.— fPUii,  »eiitltlire&«i«,  xirttief«i:    Apit: 

^l7,J;  Bell;  BelHs:  Bov. ;  Chin^  ;  J'.Ywrfi..  Doiitk,; 
Euphorb.i  Fagop.;  Htp.,  Kali  c  .  Lack.;  Nux  ra.j 
Oltand.;  Ob  in,;  Pxonia;  Pftroi  :  P^ow.;  Ran,  »«i 
Rhtis  f!  ;  ^&iii  L;  Semperv,  I.,  Sep,;  Sil.;  Sfif.; 
Tar  c;  7"^ar  ;  Wpica;  XcrophyU 
BOOHTMOSES  — ^tb.:  ^rn.;  An,t  Bellis:  CItloral; 
1  Crot.;  Ham.;  Kreos.;  L€cf,/  PAot.;  Rlins  t.;  ^wi, 
flf.;    Supraren.  ex.;    Tereb, 

—  AnI,  e.;  ^tt*.  Ir  Ats.;  Belt;  C«c,;  Crot. 
t  ;  J'jigl  c.;  Jugl.  r.;  Kali  Inch.:  Kreo*-.  LtffA.; 
Afgrc.  t.;  Nit.  ac-  Petrol.:  Rhus  t.;  S#f.;  Sil.:  Sul; 
Thtiya. 

.^ — Mthfopw;     Alnus;      Alum.;       ,4if*ic*.       *4«K    c, 

Arbut, ;     ^fjr,;     Ars.    iod.;     Btrr.:    Cale.   cr.;    C&nth^; 

Caps-:    Carbov.;    Chrysar. ;     Cie.;    Pein. :    Commocl. : 

£><«.  i,;    Dulc;    Graph.;    Hep.;    H  yd  meet.;    Jujal.   e.; 

Kolt  ar*.;    Kali  m.;    Kreos.j    Lye;     +1f#rf,  £.*    Mertr. 

d.;    Merc.  pT.  T.:    Mete,  t.;    Mtz.;    Nat.  ttrs.;    Nat.  m.; 

Mux   v.^     Ol&and.;     PwtruL:     Plumb. ;     Pod.;     Fsm. 

Rhu^  t.,     Rhus   v.;     Sars,;     Sep.;     Skook.  ch:     5«^; 

VtHca;     Vi&ta  tr.;,    Xerophy). 

EeBCima»  bshlnd  e»ri — Ar^.;  Bay.;  Grapk^;    Hep^;   Kali 

m,.;     Lye:     Met.;     OUand.;     PHroi.;     Pi  dr.;     RhtiH 

t.:    Scrophul.     Set  Ears, 

ECMin*   Of  lAce— Ant.  e.;    Bac.;    Carb.  ac.;    Cic:    Crol- 

I.;     Kali   ars.i     Led.;     Mert.    pr.   r. ;     Staph- r     5m/.; 

5ul    ii'd-:    Vinca,      See  Face, 

Ec leniAi  Of  fiexiirei  of  J olnts — .^th . ;    C*us t . ;    Gra ph.; 

Kali  ars,;    Mang,  ac;     No*,  w.;    Psor. :    Ssp. 
EoBenu,   of  hftndt — Ana^  :      Bqv.;     Calc,   c;     Gt^ph.; 
Hep;   Juul.c;    Kreos-    Malandr.l    PfiroL;    P4m  L; 
Selen.L    Still.      Sec  Hands  (Locomotor  System). 
EeEflnw,  of  neurarStbeoic  petvtm§ — A  nac. :   Ars , ;  Phos . : 

Strych.  ars.;    Strych.  p.:     Viola  tr.;    Zinc,  p, 
EfiexQ^  of  pudnuluin^Ant,  c;    Crai.  t.;    Plumb,  m 

See  Female  Sexual  System . 
EosenUf  Of  rhMUU&tlco-ffouty  penonft — Arbut.^     Rhi*M 

1.;    Uric  ac:     Urea, 
E<!MeniMt  Of  ipglp— Astac  ;     Cak^  c^:    \*vc    ^a^i 
OU,j  ttd. :    Sffien .;    Staph.;      Vi«  ca .     Stt  l^e«Ai 


956  REPERTORY 

Eczema.,   of   struxnoui  personi — JEthiops;     Art.  iod.; 
Calc.  c;    Calc.iod.;   Calc.  p.;    Crot.  t.;    Hep.;  Merc, 
s.;    Rumex;    Sil. 
ELEPHANTIASIS — Anac.   or.;    Ais.;     Calop.;     Card,  m.; 
Elaeis;      Graph.;      Ham.;     Hydrocot.;     Iod.;     Lye; 
Myrist.  ».;    Sil. 
EPITHELlbMA — Alumen;      Ar$.;     Condur.;     Hoang.  n.; 
Jequir.;     Kali  s,;     Lapis   alb.;     Lye;     Sep.;     Thuya. 
See  Face.  . 
EBTSIPELAS — Aeon.;    Anac.  oc;    Ananth.;    Apt*;   Arn.; 
Ars.;     Aur.;      Bell.;     Canth.;     Cinch.;     Cop.;     Grot.; 
Crot.  t.;     Echin.;     Euphorb.;     Graph.;     Hep.;     Loch.; 
Led.;     Nat.    m.;     Rhus   t.;     Rhus   v.;     Sul.;     Taxus; 
Ver.  v.;     Xerophyl. 
Afebrile — Hep.;    Lye. 
Cerebral  ssrmptoms — Bell.;    Cupr.  ac;    Lach.;    Strain.; 

Ver.  V. 
Constitutional  tendency — Calend.;    Graph.;    Psor. 
Edema,  persisting — Aur.;    Graph.;    Hep.;    Lye;    Sul. 
Phlegmonous — Aeon.;      Ars.;     Bell.;     Crot.;     Ferr.   p.; 
Graph.;     Hep.;     Hippoz.;      Lach.;      Rhus   t.;     Sil.; 
Tar.  c;    Ver.  v. 
Recurrent  and  chronic — Ferr.  p.;    Nat.  m.;     Rhm  t.; 

Sul. 
Vesicular — Anac.    oc;      Canth.;     Crot.    t.;      Euphorb.; 

Rhus  t.;    Rhus  v.;    Tereb.;    Urt.;    Verb.;    Ver.  v. 
Wandering — Ars.;     Graph.;    Hydr.;     Puis.;    Sul. 
ERYTHEMA— Interlgo  (chafing):    jEth.;    Bor.;    Calc.  c; 
Caust. ;     Cham.;     Fagop.;     Graph.;     Lye;     Merc,  s.; 
Oleand.;    Petrol.;    Sul.  ac;    SuL 
Erythema  multiforme — Bor.  ac;    Cop. 
Erythema  nodosum — Aeon.;    Apis;    Arn.;    Ars.;    Chin, 
ars.;      Chin,    s.;     Cinch.;      Ferr.;      Ptel.;      Rhus  t.: 
Rhus  V. 
Erythema  simplex — Aeon.;    Antipyr.;    Apis;    Ars.  iod.: 
Bell.;     Bufo;     Canth.;    Chloral;     Echin.;     Euphorb. 
d.;     Kali  c;     Lact.  ac;     Mez.;    Nux  v.;     Rhus  t.: 
Robin.;    Urt.;    Us  til.;    Ver.  v.;    Xerophyl. 
ERUPTIONS — Dry,  scaly:     Alumen;     Anag.;     Ars.;    Ars. 
iod.;      Berh.    aq.;     Cadm.   s.;     Canth.;      Euphorb.   d.: 
Graph.;    Hydrocot.;    Iod.;    Kali  ars.;     Kali  m.;    Mai- 
andr.;     Merc,   s.;     Nit.    ac;      Petrol.;     Phos.;     Phyt.: 
Pip.  m.;    Pix  1.;    Sars.;    Selen.;    Sul.;    Xerophyl. 
Eruptions,  humid,  moi^t—jEthiops;    Ant.  c;    Ant.  t.: 


95? 


Cauat,p     Clem.;    Crot.    t.;     Duk,;     Graph,:     Hwp.; 
Lye;    Mete,  s.;    M^s.;    Nat,  m.;     Oieand.;    Petrol.; 
Paor,:    Rhus  t.;    Sep,:    Stront.;    Variol. 
ErUptlOtii,   pUituUr— Sdl-i      B^b.    v.,-     Bn(Q]     Chel.; 
!  Crot.  t.;    Eiiphorb-;    Hep.;    Uippoz.;    Iris;    JugLr.; 

1^^^  Kali  bich,;    Kali  iod.;     Kreos.;     Lach.;     Mere,   i.; 

^^m.         ^^it,  aCnT    Psof.;    SuL;    SuL  iod.;    Tuxus;    VarifiL 
^^^nipttons^  better  In  winter  — Kali  bich. 
r        Eruptions,  wore e.  Ln  sprlns — N  at.  s . ;  Ps  or. :  Sang, ;  5ar«. 
I         Eruptions,  worpe.  In  winter— Alum.;    Arsr,  Petrol. 
FISBXTaES  —  BhA^edes,  dUiPA  ot:    Alum.;  Ar«.  s.  a.;   Cajc 
i\.:   Candiif.;    Graph.*    Hep.;    Kali    ars,;    Led.;    Lye.- 

iMalandf.;   Mang.   ac;    Merc.  i.  r,;    JVa^^   m.;  Olesnd*; 
PvtroL;    PixL;    Ran.  b,;    5ar^.;    SU.:    SuL;    Xeroph. 
FLABBINE8S— Nim  ttmlcll?  Of:    Abrot:    Calc.  c.;    I  pec; 

A/<?rc.  rf,;     Morpb.;    Kat.   tn,;    Sank,;    Sais.;    Salvia; 

Thyr.;    Ver.  a. 
FOEEIQN  BODIES  IN--TD  promote  expulsion:    Anag.; 

Uap.;    SiL  i 

FORMICATION— Tingling,  nmnbnesR  of :    .4co«.;   Am  bra 

Apium  gr.;    Arundo;     Calend,^     tTofutw*;    Cod,;     Me- 

dti£a;     Met.;     Morpk.;    OJeatid.:     Phos.   ac;     Plat.^ 

Sec;   Sel^n.;   Sul.  ac;   Val.;    Zinc.  m. 
rUWGUfl  HEMATOBBS— /Ir*,;    Lach,;     Manqin.;     P^^^,,- 

EUETJNCLE — (Boll):     .^th.;     Anthrao.;     Ant.   c*;     Am.; 
BeiL;     Bcllis;     Cale.   pier.;    Calc.  s.]     Echiu-i     F§m 
iad.;    Gels.i    f^ep..;    Ichth*;    Mercs.;    Ol.  myr, ;    Phos. 
ftc;     Phyt.;     Rhus    r.;     Sac.;     SiL;     Sul.;     Sul,    iod., 
Tan  c,    Tub,;    Zinc,  ox. 
Furunclef    i-eeurrent    tenilency — Berb.    v.;     Calc.    c>\ 
Caic.  fnur.;    Calc.   p.;     Calc.  pier.;    Echin.;    Sul. 
QANGEENE—^r*,.    Brass.;    Calcnd,;    Cantb.;    C&rbo  an.; 
Cii rbo    v.;     Cbtorum;      Eekin,;      Kuphorh.;      Facr,    p.; 
Kali    p.;     Kreos.;     Lack.;     Folygou.   per».;     Sal.   ac; 
Ssi\;   Svil-ac.;    Tar.  c. 
HEBPEB— (Telter) :    Aco^.;    j^thiops;    Alnus;    Ananth,^ 
Apis;     An.;     Bot.;     Bry-:     Bufo;     Calc.  s,;     Cantk, 
Cktus;    Dulc;    Graph.;     Kati  bich.;    Lith.  c;    M*fc. 
r.;    Nfit.  m*;     Nit^  ac*;    Phas.  ac;    Ran.  b.;    Rhux  i.; 
San.t'    Sep.;    Tellur.;    Variol, 
Herpes,  ctironi  c — A 1  n  m^ , 

Herpes    CJrcinattis,     tOnKUT&nt — C^tys&xA     "^^mV. 
Nat.  m.-    Sep.;     J'eiiur.      See  T rAG\w»p\vt Xoft^a - 


558  REPERTORY 

Herpes,  of  face — Apis;     Ars.;     Caps.;     Catist.;    Clem.; 

Lach.;     Nat.  tn.;    Rhus  t.;    Sep.;    Sul.      See  Face. 
Herpes,  of  flexures  of  knees — Graph.;    Hep.;.  Nat.  m.; 

Sep.;    Xerophyl. 
Herpes,    of    genitals — Aur.    mur.;      Calc.    s.;     Caust.; 
Dulc;    Hep.;    Merc,  s.;     Nit.  ac;    Phos.  ac;    Sars. 
See  Male  Sexual  System. 
Herpes,  Of  hands — Cistus;    Dulc;    Lith.  c. 
Herpes,  neui^algia  after — Kal.;    Mez.;    Still.;    Variol. 
Zoster,  zona:   Shingles — Apis;    Arg.  n.;    Are.;    Canth.; 
Caust.;     Carbon,    ox.;      Ced.;      Ciatus;     Commocl.; 
Crot.  t.;     Dolich.;    Dulc;     Graph.;     Iris;     Kali  m.; 
Kal.;    Mercs.;    Mez.;    Morph.;    Pip.  m.;    Prun.  sp.; 
Ran.   b.;     Rhus  t.;     Semperv.   t.;     Staph.;     Strych. 
ars.;    Sul.;    Thuya;    Variol.;    Zinc,  p.;    Zinc.  v. 
Chronic — Ars.;    Semperv.  t. 

Neuralgia,  persisting— Dolich.;     Kal.;    Mez.;    Ran.  b.; 
Still.;    Zinc. 
HYDBOA — Kali  iod.;     Kreos.;     Mag.  c;      Nat.  m.;    Rhus 

V.      See  Herpes. 
HYPERIDROSIS— (Excessive  sweating) :  Acet.  ac;  JEth.\ 
Agaricin;     Ant.   t.;     Bapt.;     Bell.;      Bolet.;     Calc.  c; 
Cham.;    Cinch.;    Eser.;    Ferr. ;    Graph.;    Jabor.;   Lact. 
ac;     Merc,   s.;     Nit.   ac;     Nux   v.;      Phos.   ac;    Op.. 
Phos.;     Piloc;     Samb.;     Sanic;     Selen. ;      Sep.;     Sii; 
Sul.  ac;    Thuya;    Ver.  a.      See  Fever. 
ICHTHYOSIS— (Fish   Skin   Disease):      Ars.;      Ars.    iod.; 
Aur.;     Clem.;     Graph.;     Hydrocot.;     Iod.;     Kali  iod.; 
Merc,   s.;     Nat.    c;     Oenanthe;     Phos.;      Plumb,   m.; 
Syph.;    Sul.;    Thuya;     Thyr. 
IMPETIGO — Alnus;     Ant.  c;     Ant.  s.   a.;     Ant.  t.;    Ars.; 
Calc.    mur.;     Cic;     Dulc;      Euphorb.;      Hep.;      Kali 
bich.;    Kali  n.;    Mez.;    Sil.;    Thuya:      Viola  tr. 
KELOID— F/«or.  ac;    Graph.;    Nit.  ac;    Sab.;    Sil. 
LENTIGO — (Freckles):     Kalic;    Lye;     Nit.  ac;    Petrol.: 

Phos.;  Sep.;  Sul.;  Tab. 
LEPRA — Leprosy:  Anac;  Ars.;  Calopt.;  Chaulmugra; 
Commocl.;  Cupr.  ac;  Cur.;  Diptero  carpus;  Elaeis; 
Oraph.;  Guano;  Gynocardia;  Hoang  n.;  Hydrocot.; 
Hura;  Lach.;  Merc,  s.;  Pip.  m.;  Oenanthe:  Sec; 
Sep.;'  Sil.;  Thyr. 
LEUCODEBMA— >lrs.  s.  ft.;    Nat.   m.;     Nit.   ac;    Sumb.: 

Zinc.  p.      See  Face.  pale. 
LICHEN   PLANUS— KsaLt.-,     Ant.   c;     Apis;      Ars.;     Ars. 


SKIN 


9S9 


fW.;     Chin,    ars.^     lod.:     Jugl.    c;      Kati  hick.:     Kftli 

iod.;    Led.-    Sars.;    Staph.;    Std.  tod. 
LICHEN  SIKLPLEX—AluTT].:  Am,  m,;     Ananih.;    Ant.  c; 

Arx,:    BtlL:    Bo  v.:    Bry.^    Calad.;    Caatan.;    ^Kf/.  c- 

Kali  afs,;     Krem.;     Led.;    Merc,  s,i     Nabiil.  a.:    Nat. 

c:      Plant.:     Phyt.;     Rumtx;     Sep.;     Sf4l.:     SuL  iod.; 

TiU&.      See  Acne. 
LUPUS    EEYTHEMATOSTJM— Apis ;      Cistus;      Guarajia; 

Hydrocot.:    Iod::     Kali  bich,;    Phos.;    Sep.:     Thyr. 
LU? US  irULO ARIS  —  A rs .;  A rs .  iod ,  ■    AHT.Qrs.;    Au r,  iod . : 
•        Aur.    tnur.;     Calc.   c;     Calc.   s.;     CieIha;     Form,   aic.^ 

Formica:    Graph.;    Guarana;    Hep.:    Hydr. :    Hydro- 

eot.-    Jequir. :     Kali  hick  ^;     Kaliiffd.:    Lye:    NitaCr 

Staph.:    SuL;    Thiosimin.;     Tuh.^    Urea;    X  ray. 
MtLlABIA— (Frlokly  hentM    Aeon.;  Am.  m.:   Ars.;    Br^.; 

Cact.;    Centaurea.  Hura;   Jahor^;    Led,;    Raph.;    Urt. 
MILIUM— Coir,  i&d,;    Staph.:    Tah.      See  Acne. 
MOLLUflOUM— ^ri3w.;     Bry.;     Calc.  an.;    Calc.  c;    Kali 

iod.;    Lyc,i     Nat,  m,;    SiL;    SuL:    Tevcr^ 
MORFE£A— Ars.:    Phm.;    Sil.      See  Scleroderma. 
NAEVUB— Calc.  c;    Carba  v.:    Condur,;     Fluor,  ac:    Lye; 

Phns.^     Thuya. 
NAILi — Affecttcms     In    general;      Alum.;     Castor    eq.; 

Crapfj,-    Hydr.:    Nit.  ac:     SiL 
AllecUons  orpulpriimllB  recede^  leaTe  raw  surface— See 
Atrophy  of— Sil. 
Bluen^il  of — Dig.;     Ox.    ac.        See    Cyanosis    {Circulatory 

System). 
Defonnod — Brittle*  thickeiaed  ( OnychosTTpoilB) :  Alum 

Ananth.;     AnLc;     Ar.*i.;    Caust.;     Diosc:    Pluor^^ac.^ 

Graph,:    Mert.i    Sabad.;    Senec.f    Sil.;    Thuya. 

E  rup tlons  — Armmd  flnser  tiall  i :   Pb  or . 

Failing  off— Brass,:    Helleb,  fort,;    Helleb. 
Hangnalli — Nai.  m.:   SuL;    Upas. 
Hyp ertropby  of — ( Otiy ohauxl » ) ;    Gra p h , 
INFItAM3liATI0N- Around  root  of  fFaroiiyclila)  ^    Bufo; 
Catc.s.;     Dioar,;    Graph.'      Nai.  n.      See  Ftjlon. 
aifla-miaatloai  of  pulp  (otirchlaj- Am. ;   CalcTid,;    Ftuor. 

ac;     Crapk.;    Sil.;     Upas. 
Inflsmmatloii,  under  toe  Ball — Sabad. 
IKGE0WIW6    toenail;    Mit.  ac;    SiL:    Staph.;    Teucr, 
It  ohiti^  - Abou  t  roo  t  of :    U  p  as . 
PAINS — B  umtfig  under :   Sara . 
an* w'to^,  beneath  finger  nftlli—A\M TO,;   ^t^. 


* 


q6o 


REPERTORY 


NeUT&lsiCi  beneath  fln^er  n&llt^Berb.  v. 
Neuralgic— Alum.;    Cap*^:   Colch. 

Splinter -like,  beneath  toe  nails— Fluor,  ac. 
Uloeratlvfl,  beneath  toe  ualla— Ant.  c;    Teucr, 
SOfteallig  Qf— Plumb.;    Thuya. 
Ulceration  of — Ph&9.;    Paor.;    Sang.;    SiL;    Tetradyn, 
Y Bllow  — C olOF  oil   Con. 
(EOHMA.    SWELLma    or— Acal.;    Acet.    ac:    Aeon.: 

Agdf.;     Anac;     Apis;     Art.;     Bell.;     Bellis;     Bry.: 

i?fY,(-    Elat.;    Euphofb.;    Ferr.  m.\    HHtfb.i    Hippos.; 

Lach.;    Lye;    Nat^c;    Nat.  sal:    Oleand.:    Prim,  ob.; 

Pfun.  sp.;     Rhus  t  :    Samb. ;     Tkyr. 
(EDEMA  AKOIONEUBOTIC      Agar. ;    Antipyr, 
OILY     skin:     Bry.:  Merc;   Fsor.:   Raph.;   Sanic.      See 

SeboirhtBa.. 
PELIiAOBA— Bov.  1    ^Pedic;    Plumb,  iod.;    Sedinha. 
PEMPSlGUa— Antipi^r;     Ars,;    Anim  tr,;    Caltha;    Car- 
bon, OS.;    Caiist,;     Afiincii*-,'    M4r£r  £.;    Merc,  pr.  t*; 

Merc«  B«;    Nat.  aab;    Pbiss.  ac.:    Ran,   b.;     Ran.  tc; 

Raph.:    Rhus  t.;   Thyya. 
FETWrnm     Am.:    Ars.;    Cur.;     Pkos.;    Sec;    Sui.    ac. 

S(?e  Hcchy mosju. 
PHTHiaiASIS  -Chuzc;    Merc;     A^tr;.  m.;    Oleand.l    Pser.; 

Sabad,;    5mM. 
PITTBtASIS— {Demiatltls  ezfoUatiTa):    Ar*.,*   Ar^.  iDd.; 

Bac;    Carb.  ac;    Clem,;    Ct^Uh.;     Ftu^r,  tte.;    Qraph.; 

Kali  art.;    Manfi.  ac;     Mtt.,-    Phos.;    Pip.  m.;    Stp,; 

SuL  ind,;    Sulphur^  a^. 
PITYfilAaiSKUBHA— Merc.  pr.  r  ;    Nat.  afS.;    Thyr, 
PKAIBIE  ITCH- Led.;    Rbust.;    Rnmex;    SnL 
PJttrBiaO— Aeon.;      Aintisj     Ambra;      Atm.;     Ars.    iod.; 

AiB.  atil.;    Carb.  ac;    Cklomhi    Diosc.:    D&tick.;  Merc; 

JVf#Sr;    Nit.  ac;    Oleand.;    Oophor. ;    Pedic,;     RkMi  t.; 

Rh'tts  v.:    Rtimex:    ShL;    Tereb, 
PEUBrmfi— (Itchlnf  of  ikln):     A^ar.;    M-amr,   Ambf^a; 

Anag.;     AHiipyr.;    Ara.;     Corfe,  ac^    Cbrysar. ;    C!cm., 

Cr&i.    i^:     Dptich.;      Fag&p.;     Fluor.    Ac.  j     Formica; 

Graph.;     Gran  at.;     H*p.;     Hydroe/H.:     Ichlh,;     Ign.; 

Malandr.^    Mang.  sc:    Med.:    Mtfc;    Af**.*    Motph.; 

Ntajt    v.;     OU-and.;      Op.*      Petrol,:      Pix^    L;      Paor. ; 

Pulex;     Ran.   b.;     Rkux  t.;     Rbua   v,;     Rumex:     Sul.; 
SuL  ac:    Tar,  ci      L/fl.;    Veavs^-,    X^tov^tv^n^- 
fnuituB,  of  ankles- Nat.,  p. 


SKIM  961 

PniTltUSp  of  bendE  ol  elliows,  3meei— Sep. 
Prurltrui^  of  chesty  upper  limbs— Ar  tin  do. 
Pnirltiufi*  of  ears,  nose,  arm**  urethra ^StiL  iod. 
PniritUE>  of  face,  hand^,  scalp— Clem. 
Fnultuti  of  f&ce,  shoulder  a,  chest— Kali  br. 
Frurltui,  of  feot,  ankles— Lad. 
Pruritus,  of  feet,  le«B  — Hov, 
Pruritus,  of  feet,  sole«  of — Ananth.'^    Hydrocol. 
Pruritus,  of  geDltaJB  — Am  bra:       Mea,;      Tar,     c.     See 

Female  Sexual  System. 
PruntUB,  of  bands,  arms— Pip.  m. 
Pruritus^  of  joints,  abdomen — Pin  us.  s. 
Pruritus^  of  kneeEi  elbows,  1ml ry  p&T%t — Fugop. 

Pruritus*  of  nose — Morph.;    Strych. 

Pruritus,  of  orlflcos— Fltior.  ac. 

Pnultus,  of  thighs,  bends  of  knees— Zinc.  m. 

Pruritus,  of  webs  of  fingers,  bends  of  Joints— Pa  or. 

Pruritus*  ameliorated  from  cold-  Grapli.:    Mess. 

Pruritus,  ameliorated  from  hot  water- Rhus  v. 

Pruritus,  ameliorated  from  scratching— As  at.;    Cadm. 

s . ;    Ma n jj; .  a c. ;     O Ud n d. ;     R kns  t. 
P  rurl  tu  s,  amell  0  rat  ed  from  warmth — Ars . ;    Pe  trol . 
Pruritus,  followed  by  bleeding,  pains »  bumlns — Ahtm ; 

At»,:    CToi.  t.:    Pixl.;    Psor.:    Sep.;    SuL:    Tilian 
Pruritus,  followed  by,  change  of  site  of  itching — Mex.; 

Staph. 
Pruritus,  worse  from  contact — Kan.  h. 
Pruritus,  worse  from  eii^DSure,  cold  air — Hep.^      Nat. 

s.i     Oleand.;    PetruL  ;  ^  Rhus  t.  ■     Eutnex. 
Pruritus,    worse    from    scratching — An.;     Beth,    v.; 

Led.;    Mgs .;    Sep. 

Pruritus,  worse  from  undressing,  warmth  of  bed,  at 

P.M<  —  Alttm.;      Ant,     c;       Arx,;     Asimiina;      Bov.^ 
Carbo  v-;  Card,  m.;  Jugl.  c. ;  Led.^  Mefc.,'  Merc.  i.  H. 
Mis,;  Nat.  s.;  Oleand.;  Psor.:  Rutnwx;  Sanft.;  Sah 
Pruritus,  worse  from  washtns,  with  cold  water— Clem. 

PSOBIASIB — Ant.  t.;  Arx.;  An.  ind.;  Adr.  m.ti.:  Berb» 
aq.;  Bor.;  Carb,  ac;  Chry^af,;  Cic;  Cupr.;  Graph,; 
Hep.;  Hydrocot.;  Iris;  Kali  afa,:  Katibr,;  Kalis.; 
ManR,  tkc,',  M&rc^  aur. ;  Mgrc.  a.;  Mur.  a.c.\  Nat. 
aTS.t  Petrol.;  Pkat.*  Sep.;  Strych.  ars,;  Strych.  p,; 
Stellar.;  ShI  ;  Tereb.;  Thuya;  Thyr. 
Psoriasis^  of  palms— Calc.  c;  Gfapk.i  H<t  ;  Ufe4K\^t^.^T3i, 
^MQiiMMiSt  Of  tonffue — Mur.  ac.     See  loTwa^e  0^oxlV\^- 


9^3  REPEItTOHY 

FtraPUHA^Acon.;  Arn.:  Arg.;  Bapt.t  Bry.;  Ciirbo  v  ; 
Chiti.  a*;  Chloral;  Crot.^  Ham.,-  Kali  iod.;  L&(k~: 
Mere^  s.;  Photi.  ac;  Pkos,;  Rhus  t^;  Rhus  v.;  Sul 
ac;    Sulphoti,;    Tereb. ,    Ver.  v. 

PUaPUBAHEMORBHAOIOA— j4fH.,'  Ar».;  Bry;  Cta* . 
Ferr.  pJrr.;  Hmti.;  Lack,;  Led.;  Merc,  s,;  Naja: 
Phos    ac.  ■     P/jiJ*  f    Rhus  v.;    Sec;    Sul.  ac.^   Tereb. 

FTJEPUEAaHEtnOATICA— Aeon.:  Ars.;  Bry.;  litres; 
^fiHif  /  ,    Rhus  V. 

PUaPURA      With  deUUlly;    Arn,^     Afs.;    Mere.  s..    Sni 

RAYNAITD'S  DISEASE-  See  Gangrene, 
BHtNO^SCLEEMA — Aur.     m.     n. ;      Calc,     p.;      Guarftci; 

Rhus  r. 
AOSEOIiA — cEofle-r&iti)  r    Aeon.;    Beit.;    Cub, 
SUFIA — Ars.;    Bcrb,  aq,:     Kal4  iod.;    Merc   i.  r.:    Nil  «., 

Phyi.:    Thyr.     See  Syphilis  (Male  Sexiial  System), 
SABOOMA  CUTia— Calc.  p.;    Candur.:    Nlt.  ^c^    Sil. 
SCABrES  — Eltcti):    Aloe:    Caust.;    Cfot.  i.;    Hep,;    Pm., 

SCI^f^ODEEMA     Sdlerlaali    (HMebouiKl   skin):    Alum: 

Ant.  c;    Arg,  u.;     Ars,;     Berb.  aq.:     Bry.;     Cri^.  i , 

Eckin.i     EiueU;     Hydracoi.i     Lye;     Phos.;     Rhus  t 

Bars.;    Sil.;    StllLt    Thiosinan.;     Thyr. 
SCKOFULODERMA'-Calc.     iod.:       Calc.      *./       ScroftJ/; 

Ther       Sec  Separate  Dbcasesn 
SEBACEOUS  GYSTS—(W<n):    Bar.  c;    Bene,  ac:   BTom.. 

LL>r(.;    Graph.:     Hep.:     Kali  br,:     Kali  tad.;    Nit- «.■ 

Pbyt.;    Thuya,      See  Scalp  (Head), 
gEBOaEH<£A — Am,   m,;     Ars.^     Ery.;      Bufo;     Cak.   f, 

Graph.;     fod.;     Kali    br. ;      A'afi'  c;      Lye;      Merc.  3.. 

McE.;     NdJ.   m.:    Phoa.;     Plumb,    m.:     Rapk..     Sti?  . 

Sep:      Staph,;      SuL:      Thiaya:       Vinca.     See    SciJP 

(Head). 
SENSlBILrrY  OF  SKIN^DlmlnlBtied,  or  lost:    Acct.  aci: 

j4cd>t.;     Buio;     Ca».    twrf,,'     CarboTi.    pw.;      K«li  br-i 

PJ«mfe,  ni.;   Pop.  c.;    Sec:   Zint,  m. 
SF 0TB— Copper- colored r     Carb&  an.;    Carbo  v.;    CttMl: 

Lye:    Med.;    Merc,  d.:     Aft*,  ac;    SiL;    Sui;    Uttil 
SpotB,    livid— Agave;     AiL;     Bapt.;     Mar  ph.,     Ox.  >c 
Sec:    5«/.  iii\ 
STEOFHULUS— (Tootli    nib)  r     Apis:      Bor  .     C»1g    c 

Cfcdm.;    Cic  :    Led.;    Spir^nih,;   Sumb. 
jrC0Bl8~(BarbergItcli)T    AnUt,*    ht%,\    Calc,  c.:   C*tt 


a*;    Chrysar.;     Ctc;    Cinnab.i    Cdcc;     Graph..'     Kaii 

btch.;    Med,'    Merc.  pf.  r.;    Nit.  ac;    Petrol,;    Plant.; 

Plat.:    Sab.;   Staph.;   Sul.;  SuL  ied,;   Tellur,;    Thuya. 
SYPHILIDS— See  Syphilis  (Male  SeKual  System). 
TINEA  FAVOSA— Favui ;    Agar,;    Ars.  iod.;    Brom.;   Calc. 

cr,     Dwlc,;     Graph.;     Hep,;      Kali  c;     Lapp^:     Lye,,' 

Med.;     Mes.;     Oleand.;     Phos,;     Sep.;     Sulphur,    ac; 

Sul.;    Ustil,:    Vinca;      Viola  tr.     See  Scalp  (Head). 
Tm£A  VEESIOOLOE— (ChromophytosU);     Chrysar.; 

Mez.;     jVtii.  an.;    Sep.;    Sul.;    Tellur. 
TBIOHOPHYTOSIS— ainffworm:     Ant,   c;     Ars.;     Bac; 

CbU.  c,;     Ckry^^ar.;     Mez,'     PsoT,;     Rhus  !►;    Sctnperv. 

t.;    Sep.-    Sul.;     THiur.;    Tub.;    Viola  tr.     See  Scalp 

(Head). 
TTLCEEB  — Anawrfe  ;    Anthraci    Arn.;    Ars.:    Afitor.;    Bell.; 

Calc.  d.;    Calc.  p.;    Cah.  *.,    Calend.;    Carbo  v,;    Com- 

mocl.;       Crot.;     Echiitr:      Fluor,     ac;     GalUutn      ap,; 

GMran.i    Ham.;    Hep,;    Hydr.;    lod.;    Jugl.  r.;     Kali 

hick.;     Kali  iod.;     Lack.;     Mere,  0.;     Merc,   s.;     Afcs.; 

Nil.  ac;     i^iEtfttJOn     Phoa.;     Pkyt,;    Psor.^    Scrnphul  ; 

Sil.;    Sul.;    Syph,;    Tar,  c;    Thuya. 

B  l«  edlng  «a  bU7i  wb  en  lou  obed—  A  rg . ;   Ca  r b  £^  t/ . ;   D  ulc .  r 

Hep.;     Luck.;     Mez, ;      A'ti,  ac.,'     Pho^. 
Blimlng— Alumen;     .4«i/irac.,     .4f*.;     Carbo   v.;     Hep.; 

Thuya, 
CaJie«rous,    mAllgnwit— Anthr&c;      Art,;     Cbimaph.; 

GalitHtn  a  p.;    Ttiuyft. 
Dtteip — Asaf,;  CommocL:    Kalihich.;  Kali  iod,;    Nit.  ac. 
FlStuloui— Caff.  ^.;    Calcnd,;    Kaliiod.;    Nit.  ac:    SiL; 

Thuya, 
Indolent  I  tOtpld-^-'^««fi-;    Calc.  fl.;    Calc.  p.;    Carbo  v.  j 

Chel.;    Can.;     EucaL;     Euphotb.;     Geran,;    Graph.;' 

Kali  tod.;    Lach.;    Lye;    Aterc.  ».;    Pffioaia;    Phyt.; 

P^or  ;    Pyr,;    SH.;   Sul.;    Syph.;    Syayg, 
Inflwned— .4fi,/     BelL;    Carbo  an.;     Phyt.     See  Semi- 

tlVl'. 

Fha^edeiilo — Artr;    Carbo  v.:     Crat 

•  d.:     Nit.  ac.      See  Garvgrenoua. 

Eodcnt— ^Condun;    Jugl.  c;    Phyt. 
BctOfuXout—Cakareat;    lodtdi 
B enil tl v e — Am.;    .4 rs , ;    A^ af . 

Mc'-^.j     Nit.  tie:    Paionia. 
Buperjlclalr  flat— Coral.;    Lacb.;    ^\t,  at,;   t\vu^^. 


I 


Kali  are, ;    Merc. 


See  Ca  nee  I'd  us. 

M c^rc u ri <% ;    Sii.;    &ut^ I 

Calend.;    Dulc;    Hep.:] 


■ 


964  REPERTORY 

BtyphUltlO^Afs.;  Aisaf.^  Carbo  v,:  Cinnab.:  Cistiu: 
Coral.;  Fluur.  ac;  Crs^ph. i  iod.:  K&libich,;  KaU 
i&d.;  Lachn;  1-yc.:  Merc.  C.,-  Marc.  i.  r,;  Murc-s.; 
A' if.  at.;    Phyt. 

Traumatic— Am,:  Con, 

VariCOEe — Card,  m.;  Carbo  v.;  Clem,  vit,;  Eucal.; 
Fluar,  ac;    Ham.:    Lttch.;    Psor.;    Pyr. 

UlcerSf  with  l»ffe,  blue  or  bl»ck — Ars.:    Carbo  an; 

With  tja-ie,  dry.  lardaceoui—  Phyt. 

Wlthr  base.  Indurated — Alumen:    Cah    fi,,    Commod,; 

Con. 
Wl  til  lM,ie»  nice  i^w  fleah — Ars. ;    Mercs.:     Nit.  ac, 
Wltti  discliarge»  fetld^  purulentp  sloueMng— yiftaitrli., 

Anihroc:    Ars,;     Asaf.:    Calc.   fi,;     Calend,;    Caffc. 

ac;   Carbn  v.;   Gon. ;   Crot,;    £irfe*«,,-    EucaL,   Gefe,; 

(jffrfjw.;     H*p.;    Lach.;     Merc,  a,;    Mits.;     Miir   ae.i 

Ni(.  flf.;    Pci-^oTiia;    Plifis,  Bc, ;    Puis,:    SuL;     HiMjia- 
Wi  til  dl i cliarge ,  glutinorua—  Gra pk . ;    K &li  bic h . 
With  dlBch&rge,  ichorous,  tm^^Ars,,-  A^9.f, 
With  dli charge p  ichoroui — Aster.:   Carbo  v.;   C<tr4><!(.,' 

Coral. 
With  dl BOhArge,  thin,  a crtd,  foul — .4 tj . r   Kali  i nd. ;  Nit. 

ac. 

With  edgeE,  ecsema-tousv  copper  colored—  Kali  bich. 
With  edgeft,  gangrenous— Anihr ft c. ;      i4r,T.;     Cftrbo  r  ; 

Lach.;    Nit.  ac;    SuL  ae. 
With  ed^es*  Indurated — CttrhQ  an.:    Nit.  aq,;    Pronia, 

PhoK.  ap. 
With  edges,  lrr€£Ular,  undetfined^M^rir.  «,;    Nit.  &c. 
With  ed^es,  raised— A r^.:      Calt^nd.;      Phos,     at.    Set 

GrEiniilaHcns. 
With    gr&nula>|ilonfl,     exuberant — Apium     gr,:     At*.; 

Carbo  an.:     Nin,  ac;    Phos,  ac;    Sil, 
With  pimples,  eurroundlnE  it— Grind.;     Hep.:     h».t)a  \ 

Merc  s. 
With  small  ulcers,  surrouiidliig  it^Phos, 
With  vesicles,  surrouniUnif  It*  red  areol»— Fluor  ac  . 
Hep.:    Afffc. 
UNHEALTHY   SKIN— Every  scratch   festers,  or  betlt 
"With   difficult;     Bor.:     Bufo:     Calc.    c;     Cak    * 
Calcnd  ;      Grnph.;      Hap.;      Hydr.:      Lye;      MtfC-   » 
Petrol.:    Pip.  m.;    SiL;    5i*l. 

tr^nOABIA— (HW«f,   nettle   raah):     AHa<».;     AmU  r 


flipyt,!    Apium  gr,;    A^tjr,*    Aim.;    Aata/c.;    Berl>.  v,- 
inbys;    Boif.;   Calc.c;    Chloral;   Citn,;    Cina:   Con- 
r.;    Cop.;    Cmt.  t.;     DaU.;     Ftagar^;    Hep.;    tckik.t 
\*:    Kali  c;    Medusa;    Nat.  m.;     Nat.  p.;    Nux  v-^ 
tt0i.i      PuU.;      Rhus    t.;     Robin.;      Sanic;     Sep.i 
Ann.;      Strych.    p.:      S«L;      TrioH.;      Uri.;      Us  til.; 
espa. 
JrOHlC — Anac;    Ant.  c;    An.;   Astac;    BoVhI   Calc,  c.j 
Chloral;     Condui'.;      Cop,,-      Dnlc.;     Hep.;     Ichth.; 
Nftt.  m.;    Rhus  t.:    Sep.;    SuL 
dl>ia— Bov.;    Urt. 
at|«ri»Ea — Anac.:     Bolet.  inr. 
.USE  AND  CONCOMITAWTB— From  Amotion:    Anac: 
d     Bov,;    Ign. 

WT9m  ezpoture— Chloral:    Dttk:.:    Rhm  t. 
From  ga  &  t  ri  cj  dermn^emen  t  —Ante;   Ca  r  ho  v , :    D  uk . , 

Nux  Y,;     Ptiln..     Robin.;    Trifst. 
Ttotxi  mens trual  condl tlon b — Cim . ;      /? k ic . ,-      Kali    c . : 

Mag.  c. 
From  suppregiM  malariA. —  Elat. 
"With  catarrh— Cepa. 
With  chill,  of  l&tcrmlt tents— Ign. 
With  conitipattee,  fever— Cop. 
with  edema.—  Apis:   Vespa. 
With  liver  dlBtur1>uicfl  -Astac. 

With  petiche*!,  or  er^Btpelatoui  erupUoa— Fra^ar.  ^ 
With  rlieumatlc  lam  en  ess,    palpitation.    dUrrhoaa— 

Briv,;     Dulc. 

With  rheuma turn,  alternating  -Urt 

Wltti  «eq.u«liB,  from  ^ppre^sed  hives     Uri. 
M  O  DAI.it  lES-^AGGRAYATIOIfB:       At      cllmac  t  erl  e  : 
Morph.;    Until. 

At  menstrual  period— rtm..-    Duk.;    Kali  c;    Mag.  c. 

From  bathing,  w&ktng  In  A.M,  — Bov. 

FiNadll  cold—Ars.;    Sep. 

From  ejcertlon- Psor. 

From  fruit,  pork*  buclcwheat- Puh. 

From  open  air-  Sep. 

From  spirt tous  drinks— Chloral. 

From  warmth— At"51]    Kali  c.i    Lye;   Sul. 

In  children— Cop - 

P  erl  odl  call  J,  every  y  ear — U  rt> 
AMEI-lOEATIONfl- From  cold  water— Apis. 

From  hot  drlnka— ChloraL 


966  REPERTORY 

From  opmi  air—Calc.  c. 
From  wannth— Chloral;   Sep. 
VACCINIA — Aeon.;  Ant.  t.;   Apis;    Bell.;   Mercs.;  Phos.; 

SU.;   SiU.;    Thuya;    Vac. 
VEBUCCA— (Wartt):    Ant.c;   Ant.  t.;    Ars.br.;  Calc.c; 

Castorea;    Cauti.;   Cinnab.;    Dulc.;    Ferr.  pier.;  Kal. 

m.;    Lye;    Mag.  m.;    Nat.  c;    Nat.  m.;    Nat.  s.;   Niti 

ac;    Ran.  b.;   SU.;   Semperv.  t.;   Sep.;    Staph.;  Sul; 

Thuya. 
Bleed  easily,  jtcs^d,  Urire — Caust. ;  Nit.  ac. 
Bleed  easily — Cinnab. 

Condylomata,  flc  warts— CtMffafr.;    Euphr.;    Kali  tod.; 
Lye;    Merc.  8.;    Nat.  s.;    NU.  ac;   Phos.  ac;  Sah.; 
Sep.;   Staph.;    Thuya. 
Pedunoulated— Lye ;  j»taph.;    Thuya. 
Situated,  on  tMidy  ceneral->Nat.  s. ;   Sep. 
Situated,  OQ  faee,  hands — Calc.  c.^  Dulc 
Situated,  on  fortfiead — Caatorea. 
Situated,  on  hands— £«/o;    Kalim.;    Lach.;    Nat.  m. 
Situated,  on  neek,  arms,  hands,  soft,  smooth— Ant.  c. 
Situated,  on  nose,  linger  tips,  eyebrows — Caust. 
Situated,  on  prepuce— Cinnab. ;    Phos.  ac 
WHITLOW— Felon,  panaritium:    Am.  c;     Bry.;    Bufo; 

Calc.  fl.;    Calend.;    Crot.;     Diosc.;     Fluor,  ac.;    Hep.; 

Led.;    Ol.  myrist.;    Phos.;    SU.;    Tar.  c. 
Blalisnant  tendency — Anthrac;    Art.;  Carb.  ac;  Lach. 


FEVER 


I 


FEVER 


XltLIIIBSS,  COLDNESB— Abtcs  c;  Acoa.:  Agar.;  Ant. 
t. ;  Apia;  At^n,;  ArTi.r  Ati,,\  Aaar,:  Serb,  v,; 
Caic*  an*;  Calc,  c. ;  Ca»tpk.;  Catitb.;  Cops-:  Cofho 
V,:  Ced.;  Cimex;  Colcli,^  Cofn,  fir,  Echin.;  Eup, 
purp. ;  Ftrr,  m^;  Gels*r  Gr4ph,:  Helad.;  Hwp.: 
Ipec;  Kali  xi.;  Lattr.;  Led.:  Lob.  purp.E  Mag.  p,; 
Menyanih,:  Merc,  a,:  Morph.:  Phos.;  Plain;  Puh^; 
S^c.;    m.:     Tab,:    Val.;      Vwf.  a. 

GMUlnesa  In  iLniii-'Ra|ib. 

ChlUlneES  In  back,  hips,  to  less  -  Ham. 

CliilllneEit  In  body  and  feet,  head  and  face  hot — Am. 

CMllineBS  In  body  with  face  and  breath  hot — Cham. 

GhlllineES  In  forearniE  -  Mc-d. 

Chilliness  in  hands  -   Dros. 

CMlllnesfi  In  hands  and  baolc — Cact^ 

Ghlllnesss  In  Ixandft,  back^  fiet  andkneei — Btti£.   ac. 

ChilUness  tn  back  and  feet  — Btll  ;    Canth. 

Chilliness  to  head  and  llmbi — Fctt.  m. 

ChlllinesB  In  knees — Carbp  v.;    Cime^t;    Phos,  

Chilliness  In  lower  limbs— Cocc. 

ChlUlneBS  In  lumbar  reiglon — Agar. 

CbllliJieB  i  In  slngl  t  par  ts — Asar.  t  C  al  ad . ;  Co  k.  ^ 
Kali  bicb. 

ChllUneas  In  waTes^  alODff  spine— Abies  c;  A€<tn.; 
At*,;  Boict,;  Calend. ;  Conv,;  Dulc;  Ecliin,; 
Frax.;  G«i»^.  Mag.  p.;  Med.;  Raph.;  Strych*; 
Zinc.  m. 

OMlUness,  wltli  achlnff  In  shoulder i,  jotntSp  small  of 

back,  yawnlD^P  stretchtn^— Bolet, 
ChUlineBS,  with  catarrh — Merc.  i. 
fShllUnesBp  with  deflclmt,  animal  heat— Alutn.:     Calc. 

c;    Led.:    Sep.:    Sii.;    Staph. 
Chilliness,  with  faee,  head,  palms  hot.     Fern  m. 
Chilliness,  with  face  hot  — Dros. 
ChllllneEs,  with  flatulent  oollc,   nautea,   7ertl£0,   hot 

skin,  sweat,  heat  of  heftd — Core. 
Chilliness,  with  headache— Con  v. 


qjO  REPERTORY 

Giilllin«iit    With    heul&Glie,    extemlliis    %q    parleUl 

region,  red  eyes  — Ced. 
CMlllneBt,    with  hefttr    altera* tely — Abies    n..     Apis; 

,4rjr.,      Bapt.,      Bnlet.:      (.'ham.^      Laur, ;      Mag.   6.; 

Merc,  c;    Men:,  s.-    Phyt. ;    Solan,  n. 
GMUtneKs,  with  heat,  aadd^flire  to  itreteh — Rhus 
GtiiniDeBST  with  m  humor— Caps. 
OhlUtneas,  wltli  nauica     Echiti.^    Ipec. 
Chllllneis,  wiUi  ncrvouEness — A&ar. ;    Gels. 
GbllUne  ii  wttb  no  reli  ef  tram  warmth — A  ran . ;   C^dm. 

ff.;    Chin,  s.i    liros.;    Mag.  p.:    Marc.  «.;    Puis.;    Sil 
diUUnesi,  With  pain— Dulc;    Puis.;    Sil. 
GUlllneiBg  with  rhctimatlc  pain,  uul  sotetieii— Bmpi 

HoTJiar.:     Rhus  t. 
CMUlneas,  with  septic  Ejmptonii — Tar  c. 
ChlUlnesB,  with  suffocative  fe«lllie — Mag,  p. 
GhllliAesip  with  thlrfit — Ars.-    Carbo  v.;    Conv,;    Duk 

5tc.;    Sep. ;      Ver,  a. 
GhllllneES,  With  thin  ties  rocBS — Dros. ;    Nuxm.^    Pui 
GhllllneEi,  worfl«  after  atiger — Aur^:    Bry 
ChlliliieB&f  worse  after  dinner — Mag.  p. 
Ghllilnesa,  worse  after  drlnkln^^ — Caps. 
GhlllinesBv  worae  from  cUmpieSBp   rain,  not  reUered 

by  warmth—  Aran. 
Chilliness^  worse  from  least  eipoBure.  *'alr  goes  rlglit 

through*'  —  Agon  ;      Ai^ar.;      Aj^raph.,      Ar»  ;     Ar? 

jbd^;    Astac:   Canchal.;    Cak.  c,,-   Cak.  p,;   Calend  ; 

Cinch.;  Hep.;    Kali  c,i  Merc,  c;  Mgre.  #.,-  Me^.;:  Stl 
GhllllneEs,  worse  from  least  motion— Rptg. 
ChllllnesBj  worae  from  warm th»      covering— Arg.     n; 

Camph.;    Hep.;    MetL;    Sank.;    Sac,;    Sul. 
GhlllinesBp  worse  toward  evening  and  night-  .4m?" 

Cf^d  ;    Dulc,;    Mag.  c;    Mag    p  :    Marcn.,-    OS.  j    b  : 

Phns.;     Ptth.;    Sep. 
FSBRELE   HEAT— Abies    n.;     Acet.    ac;     A^oh.,     j^ih  . 
Agar.;    A  grant.;    Ant.  c.;    Arn. ;    Bapt.;     BgU,;    Bry. 
Camph.;      Canth.:     Carbo    v,;      Cham.;      Chin,    ara  . 
Cim.;   Cinch.;    Dulc;    BucaL;    Gtts.:    lod.i    MoTpb 
Nux    m.\      Nux   V,;     Op.;      Phyt.;      PuJb,;      Rkut  t 
Samb.;     Sil.;      Spir^a^     Spiranik,;     Strain.;     Tcreh  , 
Thuya:    V^'al ;     Ver.  v. 
Febrile  heat,  In  fiaghei,  ebullitions— Ace t,  ac  Amyl: 

Antipyr.;     Art,;    Bolet*:    Carls,:    Chijnaph  .     Dig. 

Erech.;    Ferr.  red.;    Frajt.^i    Indigo;    lod.;    JabOf. 


fftt.      I 


9 


Q7I 

^ali  c;    Lackr;    Med^;     Merc,  s.;     PetroL;    Phos.; 
Sang-:   Sep.,    SuL;   SuL  qc;   Viscum  alb,;    Ydhitnb, 
jtil«  hfiAt,  In  lower  part  of  b&ck,  hip,  tlilclis—fierb.  v. 
jl^rlle  heat.  In  palmi  of  tuuads — Chenop.  gl. 
ebrlle  heat  in  Eolei  of  feat— Canth. 
ebrlle  heat»  In  ipoti — A^gar. 
«bt-lle  heat,  with  dryneiii    duiiiif    ilvep,    deep,    dry 

cougli — Samh. 
ebrlle  heat,  with  dxyaet^,  no  sweat  — Nux  m. 
etirLle  heat,  with   excitement,  nervous  affltatlom-— 
,4 tow,;    Telu  ar. 
febrlle  heat,  with  falntness,  sweat — Dig.;  Sep,;  Sul.; 

SuL  a.c. 
Pebrlle  heat,  wltli  headache — Astac, 
Febrile  heat,  with  hoi  face,  cool  hoay*  asthenic  slates 

—  Am. 

Fflhrlle   heat,  with   tt chins  eyss,  tearinc    In    Ilznliif 

numhn e i»  of  body,  heada^h e — C ed 
Febrile  heat,  with  laeslttide  In  afternoon,  throb i  all 

over  — Lil,  i. 
FebrU  e  hea  t,  wl  th  p  rof  tralLon — A  n  t  ^     t , :      Chin ,    art , ; 

Phyt. 

Fehrlls  h  eat,  with  pul  aa  tlcins  —  Btil .  .•     LiL    t . ;     Pub  ; 

Tbuya. 
Febrile  beat,  with  pulsatloni,  asid  distended  Yelai— 

Puis.;     Thuya. 
Febrile  heat,  with  jed  spot  on  left  cheek  — Acet.  &c. 
Febrtle  heat,  with  restleisness,  cheeks  red.  ap^-lhr  — 

lod. 

Febrile  heat,  with  restless  sleep-  Calc.  c. 

Febrile  heat,  with  skin  dry,  hot,  arterial  excitement 

anguish— Aeon. 

Febrile  heal,  with  skin  dry,  pungent,  arterial  exelte- 

Tuent,  dlitended,  superficial  vessels  — BeiL 
Febrile  heat,   with  soreness   of   body— Arn.;     Franc; 

Phyt.-     RhHn  t. 
Febrile  heat,  with  spaims— Acetan.;    Bell. 
Febrile  heat,  with  ttretchlnir  of  Itmbi— Rhus  t, 
Febrile  heat,  with  thirst— ^i?0fi.p-      Aiit.     c;       Laur.; 

Tereb, 
Febrile  hea t,  wl Ih  thlr s  ilei snes §—AceL     ac;      Mth.  \ 

B^U  :    Mur   au.;     Xux  m.;     Pah. 
Febrile  heat,  worse  at  night— Ant  e,,   Calc.  c;    Hip., 

Kalis;    Mag-c;    Petrol,  i    PuU.;    Sihl    Slann. 


i 


p- 


^ 


97a  REP1RT0S.Y 

Fet»rll«  hea.tt  worse  during  monittit  Calt?.  e.:  Thuja. 
Febrile  be&t,  worse  during  ileep — Cala-d, 
Febrile  hext^  worse  Ifom  motion,  Hien  ohllljr— Nux  v 
Febrile  beat*  worse  from  uncovering— Merc,  s.;  Stront 
Febrile  beat*  worse  In  afternoon — Aiadir.;    Bell, 
Febrile  heat,  worse  on  v-Walcln^ — Laur. 
SWEAT:  TYPE— Bloody:    Crot.:   Lach.;    Nux  m.  i   Nux  v 
CoM^  clanuny     Abius  c,    Acet,  ac;    JEik,;    AmyL;    Ant. 

are.;     Ant.  t,;     Art*;     Bcn^,   ac;     Cafet.;     Catnpk  ; 

Caflth.;     Carbo  w*;     Cineh.:     Com.   fl.:     Cupf    &c - 

CM^r.  jr*.;   Elaps;    Euphurb.    d.;    Formal. ^     Lath,, 

LtTpwL;    Mercn  c;    Merc^^  cy.;    Merc,  5,;  Sre,,*   Tflft ; 

Tereh.;      Ver.  a.;    Vef^  v. 
Qreasy.  ollr   -LupuL:    Mag.  c;   Merc.  ». 
Hot — Carbo    v.:      Ckam.;     Chenop.    r1.;      Lach.;      Of. 

Til  in. 
LooaUfled  In  general --Bry.;    Calc.  c;    Cmch.^     Fin>^^f 

ac;     Hep.;      Fsirtd.t^     Fhos.i     Plectra  nth.;      PtiU  : 

Selen,;   SiL:   Sul. 
Localized,  In  anterior  part  of  body — Selen. 
LocaliEed,  In  axillae  -Petrol.;      Sep.     See     Locomotor 

System, 
LOCaliiSed,  on  Cbett— Ci2^t.  r.;    Cocc;    Euphras  -    Pkiii  . 

Strych. 

LocallEodp  on  covered  parts  — R ell. 

Loealieeii,  on  extremities,  upper  right— Formal. 

Locallaed,    on   face,    forebead— Cina;      Euphorb.     d.: 

Phos.;    Vftl.^      Ver.  a 
liOeallEed,  on  feet— Calc.  c;    GrapH^;    Lact.  ac;    Mefc 

b  ;      PetroL;     Phos.;     Sgp.:     Sii.      See    Feet   {Loco 

motpDr  System). 
Localised,  on  genitals— Phos-     qc.     See     Male    SeiMaJ 

System. 
Loeallsedr  on  bands— Cina:    Con.;     Pl\ior,   ac;     Phai 

See  Locomotor  System, 
1.0  call  a  edr  on  bead,  nape  of  neck  ~  B  elL ;   Cak.£  :  P  h  lis  : 

Puis,;      5a mb;      Sanic,^     Sit.,'      Slann.;      Strych  , 

Ver.  a 
Locallzedt  on  lower  body— Croc. ;    Ran.  ae. 
Localised,  on  posterior  part  of  body — Sep. 
Liicallzed,  on  uncovered  parti — Thuya. 
Localized*  on  upper  body— Anadir.;    Kail  c.-    Nnx 
LocaliEed,  unilaterally  -Puk. 
QDOR — Fetid,   otXen^lve^.     Art.   v.j     Carlo  a«.;    Cimei 


FEVER  975 


Dflphfie;    Htp^;    KaJi  iod.;    Ly^,;    Mtrc,  f,;     Nit.  or.. 
Pttfol.:    Phoa.;    Ptor.:    Puis.;    S^p.:    S4l:    SoUn.  t.; 
St^ph.;    Stann.;    SuL;    Tajtm;     Thmya:    Variol.     See 
Bromidnjsis  (Skin). 
Oflor*  sour,  acid  — Arn.^    Bry. ;    Calc.  c;    Cham.:   Fltior* 
ac, ;     Hep.;     Kreos,;     Lac   d.;     Mag.  €.:     Nui    v.: 
Rhfum;    Sil^;     Sul,;    SuL  ac 
Odort  fiweetlah     Calad.^    Thuya. 
Odo r>  urlixoui  —  fct o r b ,  v ,  ^   Col .;    N^^  ac 
HYPEBIDE08IS— Profuse:     A^gt.   nc;     Agart£^in;     Ant. 
t,;    Arfi,;     An.  icd.;     Bapi.;    BelL;     Bolet.;    Catc.  c; 
Cham.;     Cinck.;    Cocci    Con.;     Croc*;     Eeer*;     Fert. 
lorf.;     Ferr,    m.;     Fluor,    ac;     Graph,;     H*p.;     Ud.{ 
Jtlkh&f^;     Kali  c.^    Lact.  ac;    Mtrc.  k.;    Morph.;    Nit. 
a<r. ;   N  u  x  V. ;    Op . ;    Fkos,  a€.;   P  h  os . ;    PUoc:   Pol  y  i>* ; 
Psor.;    Puis.;    Sal,  ac;    Samb.;    Sanic;    Selen.;    Sep.; 
SiL;    Stann,;    SuL;    Sul.  act    Thuya;    Tilia;     K*r,  o-.* 
Zinc.  iTi. 
profuse,  debilitating  {^^lUqy^Wi^}  —  Acet.  an.;  Camph.; 
Catba  n:;    Castor.;    Cinch.;    Perr.  tti,;    Gels.;    Op.; 
PhfiU, ;    Salvia;   Samh.;    Stann. 
Scanty — Apis;   Conv.;   Lach.;    Nu%7^. 
Viscid— Abies  c;     Fluor,  ac;     Hep-t     Lye;     Mtrc.  *,* 

Phos. 
Yellow  staining— 'Lac h.;    Lye;    A/*rr,  $. 
OCCURRENCE— After    utiikc,     drinking:      Carbo     v.; 
Cham,;    Kali  c. 
During  cllniacterlc  — Hep, :  J  abut. ;  Tilia.     t^ee    Female 

Sexufil  System. 
During    exertion,   xnotion^ A^ ar, ;     Calc.    c;     Cinch.: 
Eup.  purp.;    Eupion;   Graph.;    Hep,;    Lye;    Mere, 
c;    MerCr  9.;     Phatr  ac.;    P&or. ;    Sep.;    Sil. 
During  sleep  {nl«ht  awe»t#)  — ^f^f.  ac;    Agar,:    Ago- 
rii^iff-    Ars.  ioil.,:    Bull,;    Bolet,;    Cale.c;   Carbaan.; 
Cinch.;   Con.;    Corn,  fl*;    Euptiras.;    Ferr-p-l    Kep.j 
iad.;     I  peer     Jahor.;     Lye;     Msfc,  i.;     Nat,    toll-; 
Nnx  v.;     Op,;     Phot,  ac.;    Phos.;     Phyt.;    Picrot.: 
Piioc:     Pep.   t¥,;     Psor.;     Saipia;     Samh.;     SiL; 
Tarait.:    Thall.;    Thuya;    Tilia. 
*  During  waking  bou ri — H  t- p . ;    P h os ,  ac . ;    P hoa . ;   Samb. 
Sweat,    aBards    leliel,    to    &;n&ptO]Xis — Ars.;     Calad.; 
Cupr.    m,:     Mup.    pvrf. ;     Franc-;      ATal,    m.;      Pior.; 
Sem^i^a.:     Ver.  a. 
MwM.tf  alTonli  no  relltf,   or  asi:^^'^^^^^  ^ynsa'wsco^.— 


I 


974  REPERTORY 

Ant.  t.;   Bolet.;   Chin,  s.;   Perr.  m.;    Formica;  H»jp.; 
Merc,  s.;    Phos.  ac;    Sep.;    Stram. 
TYPEOFFEVEB:    BILIOUS — Bapt.;    Cham.;    Euonym.; 
Eup.  perf.;    Gels.;    Lept.;    Mercs.;    Nyct.;    Rhus  t. 
CATHETER — Aeon.;    Camph.  ac;    Petros. 
DENGUE— i4  con.;     Ars.;     Bell.;     Bry.;     Canth.;    Cinch.; 
Eup.  perf.;    Gels.;    Ipec;    Nux  v.;    Rhus  t.;    Rhus  v. 
ENTERIC— (Typhoid   Fever):     Agar.;     Agaricin;     Apis; 
Arg.  n.;    Am.;    Ars.;    Arum  tr.;    Bapt.;    Bell.;    Bry.; 
Calc. c;    Carbo  v.;    Cina;    Crot.;    Cupr.  ars.;    Ewal.; 
Gels.;   Glon.;    Helleh.;    Hydr.;    Hyos.;    Hyosc.  hydro- 
br. ;     lod.;     Ipec;     Lach.;     Laur.;     Lye;    Merc,  cy.; 
Merc  s.;     Methyl,  bl.;     Mosch.;     Mur.  ac;    Nit.  ac; 
Nux   m.;     Op.;     Phos.  ac;     Phos.;     Pyr.;     Rhus  t.; 
Selen.;    Stram.;    Strych.;     Tereb.;     Val.;     Xerophyl; 
Zinc  m. 
Biliousness — Bry.;    Hydr.;    Lept.;    Merc  s. 
Constipation — Bry.;    Hydr.;    Op. 

Delirium — Agaricin;       Ars.;       Bapt.;       Bell.;      Hyos.; 
Lach.;      Methyl,    bl.;      Phos.;      Rhus    t.;     Stram.; 
Tereb.;    Val. 
Diarrhoea — Am.;     Ars.;    Bapt.;     Cupr.    ars.;    Epilob.; 

Merc,  s.;    Phos.  ac;     Rhus  t. 
Diarrhoea,     involuntary — Am.;      Hyos.;       Mur.     ac; 

Phos.  ac. 
Epistaxis — Aeon.;    Bry.;    Croc;    Ham.;    Ipec. 
Fever— Ars.;    Bapt.;    Bell.;   Gels.;    Methyl,   bl.;    Rhus  t. 
Gastric   symptoms — Bry.;     Canth.;     Carbo   v.;     Hydr.; 

Puis. 
Headache — Acetan.;    Bell.;    Bry.;    Hyos. 
Hemorrhage — Alunten;    Alum.;    Bapt.;    Carbo  v.;  Crot. 
Elaps;    Ham.;    Kreos.;    Lach.;    Mur.  ac;     Nit.  ac: 
Phos.  ac;    Tereb. 
Insomnia — Caff.;    Gels.;    Hyos.;    Op. 
Nervous  symptoms,  adjmamia — Agar.;   Agaricin;  Ar.; 
Bapt.;    Bell.;    Gels.;    Hyos.;    Hyosc  hydrobr.;  Ign  ; 
Lach.;    Lye;    Mur.  ac;    Phos.  ac;    Phos.;    Rhus  t. 
Nervous     ssrmptoms,     collapse— Cam^^/i.;      Carbo    v.; 

Laur.;    Ver.  a. 
Peritonitis — Ars.;    Bell.;    Merc,  c;    Rhust.;    Tereb.' 
Pneimionia,  bronchial  symptoms — Ant.t.;   Bell.;   Bry.: 
Hyos.;      Lach.;      Phos.;     Puis.;      Rhus    t.;     SaHg.; 
Tereb. 
Soreness,  mUBCUVai—Arn.;    Bapt.;     Bry.;     Rhust. 


FEVER 


975 


iyjn-pmiteE— A  *af.:    Ans.\    Btipi.:     Car  ho  v.:    Methyl, 
bl..     ^ux  ni.:    Fhof.  at-,;    Rhus  t.:     Tersb. 
£XAKTH£MATA:     EEtTPTIVE    F£T£Bt     BUBELLA— 
{Botbeliip    Germ&n    Meailei^:      Acnn.;      Betj.     See 
R  u  beol  a  i  Me  a^^i  1  es  3 . 
BUB  SOLA— [M«A.iIet) ;    Acait.;    Ant.  t  ■    Ara.;    AtMiod.; 
Bell.;      Bry.;     Camph.;     Coff, ;      EupkraM.;     Ferf.    p,; 
Gels.;    Ipe€,;     Kal4  buk,;    Kali  m,;    Lach.;    Merc,  c: 
Merc.fi,;    Op,;     Pui».;    RbuH  t^;    Bponp^;    5(w-io;  SuL; 
Ver.  v.;    Viola  od. 
Adenitll — Mtrc.  i,  r. 

Sronoblal  and  pulmonary  lymptomi— ^  «^  /,;     BelLt 
Bry.:    Kali  bkh.r     PA  a*.;    Puis.;    Sticta:    Ver.  v.; 
Viola  orl. 
Catarrhal  «ymptom« — A rs , ;    ^: m p A ra j . ;    Mercs.'    Fuh,; 

SttCtii 

Cerebral   and   convulBlre   wjnipXmnB—Bgit,:    Camph, 

CvpT.  aCt'    Ver.  v.;    Zinc.  m. 
Cough,  croupy—Gelfi. :    Hap.;    Kalibith.;   Sp&ng. 
DlarrhaoR-Mcrc.  b.;    Fnifl, 
Ey«  tympljom*— Are.;    Euphrag,;    Puis. 
LftryBTltll— Dros:   Qek.;    Kali  btch.:   Viola  bd. 
IiOW  fever*  loxetKnla^/lrff.'    Bapt.;    Laeh,;    RHhm  L 
TiAiht    retrocedent,    or    supipreised— -Bry.;     Camph.; 

Cupf'r  4ji:.;    Ipuc 
BAili,  t&rdy  development — Bry.;    Ipec. :    Ver,  v, 
SequelJe— Am.  c'    .4f*.;    Bry.;    Cam  ph.;    CofT. ;     Cupr, 
in;.;     Merc,   a..     Op*;      Puls^;     Sanp.;     Sticla;     SkJ!,; 
Tub,;    Zinc.  m. 
BO  ABLET  FEVEB  — ^f£7n.;     Ail,;     Am.   c;     Apis;     Are.; 
Arumtr.;    A^iniina;    B«IL;    Bry.:   Canth.;    Ci%th.ac.: 
Commocl.;      Crot.;      Ctipr.     ae,;      Cupr,     itik;      Dub,; 
Echin.;     Ggtit.;    Hep,;    Hyosr,    Lac  cr,    Lacli.;    Merc, 
s,;     Merc,  i   r. ;     M«r,  at.;     Pbyt.;     Rhus  I.,-    Sang.; 
Solan,  n.;    Spig.;    Slram.:    Tercb.;    Zinc,  m. 
Adenltli,  ceiTlcal — Ail;  Am.  c;   Asimina;    Bill.;  Carb. 

ac,-  Hep,;  Lach.-  A/*r^.  *'.  f.;  Mercys.;  Rhus  t. 
Adenitis*  parotid  —Am.  c. ;   Rhus  t. 
Albuminuria  and  drop  VF^  Ac  on,;    Am.  c;    Aph^  Apoc. ; 
An*;    Cantk.;    Cokh.;    Dig.;    Hellih,;    Hep.:    Nat. 
8.;    Ttnb.     See  Nephritis  (UHnary  System). 
Anglnosa  (Bore  throat) — Ail.;     Apit-    hr&r,    Asimina: 
Bar.   c;     BtplL;     Lac  c;     Lach,;     Itvit.  it,\     'PVt^." 
Rhus  u 


976  REPBRTORT 

Anginota,   ulceratl'Ta — Am.   c;     Apis;      An.;    Anim; 

Crot.;  Lach.;  Merc,  cy.;  Merc.  i.  r. 
Cellulltil— Ail.:  Apis;  Lach.;  Rhus  t. 
DiarrhcBa — Asimina. 

Fever — Aeon.;    Apis;    Asijnina;     Bell.;    Gels.;    Rhus  t. 
Laryngitis — Brom.;   Spong. 
Malignant  tendency,  adynamia — Ail.;    Am.  c;    Apu: 

Ars.;    Arum  tr.;    Bapt. ;     Carb.  ac;    Crot.;    Cupr. 

ac;    Echin.;    Hydroc.  ac;    Lach.;    Merc,  cy.;   M^r. 

ac;    Phos.;    Rhus  t.;    Tab.;    Zinc.  m. 
Miliary    type — Aeon.;     Ail.;      Am.    c;      Apis;     Cofj.; 

Rhus  t. 
Nervous,    convulsive,    cerebral    symptoms — Am.   c 

Apis;    Are.;    Bell.;    Camph.;    Cupr.  ac;    Cupr.  m.; 

Hyos.;    Stram.;    Sul.;    Zinc.  m. 
Bash,  delayed  development — Apis;  Are.;  Bry.;  Zinc. m. 
Bash,  hemorrhage  in— Crot. ;    Phos. 
Bash,  livid — Ail.;    Lach.;    Mur.  ac;    Solan,  n. 
Bash,  retrocession  Of — Am.    c;      Apis;     Are.;     Bry.; 

Camph.;      Cupr.    ac;      Cupr.    m.;      Stram.;     Sul; 

Ver.  a.;    Zinc.  m. 
Bash,  retrocedent,  threatened  brain  paralysis— Am. 

c;    Tub.;    Zinc.  m. 
Bheumatic  symptoms — Bry.;    Rhus  t.;    Spig. 
Sequelae:   Adenitis — Hep.;    Lach.;    Merc.  i.  r. 
Deafness,  sore,  bleeding  nose — Mur.  ac 
Ear  disorders — Bell.;    Carb.  ac;    Gels.;    Hep.;    Mercs.; 

Sil.;    Sul. 
Nose  disorders — Aur.  mur.;    Sul. 
S  t  rangury — C  a  nth . 
Typhoidal     symptoms — Ail.;      Hyos.;       Rhus    t.    See 

Malignant. 
Vomiting— Ail.;    Asimina;    Bell.;    Cupr.  m. 
VABICELLA — (Chickenpoz) :       Aeon.;       Ant.     t.;      Apis; 

Dulc;    Kali  m.;    Led.;     Merc  s.;     Rhus  t.;    Urt. 

VABIOLA— (Smallpox) :     Am.  c;     Ant.  t.;     Apis;    Bapt.: 

Carb.  ac;    Chin,  s.;    Crot.;    Hydr.;     Kalihich.;   Lach.: 

Merc,  s.;  Millef.;  Rhus  t.;  Sarrac;  Sul.;  Thuya;  Variol. 

TYPE— Confluent:    Ars.;    Hippoz.;    Merc  s.;    Phos.;   Sul 

Discrete— yl«^  t.;    Bapt.;    Bell.;    Gels.;    Sul. 

Hemorrhagic — Ars.;       Crot.;      Ham.;      Lach.;       Phos.; 

Rhus  t.;    Sec;    Sul. 
Malignant— Ant.     t.;       Ars.;      Bapt.;      Crot.;      Lach.; 
Phos.;    Rhus  t.;   Sul. 


COMFLEGATIONS-AdenltlB:    Merc.L  r.;    Rhus  t. 
Built— Hep.;    Phos.;    Sul. 
DfiUlimH— fiff/l.;    St  ram,;     Ver.  v. 
Dropsical  sweUlnsi— Apbp    Afs.;    Carith. 
rever,  trUUal— A^on.;     Ant.   t.;     BapL;     BelL;    Gels.; 

VarioL;      V>r-  i'- 
Oplatlialmla— Merc,  c,   SuL 
Fuimojtaiy  CFrnptomi — Aeon.;     Am.  t.,     Bry.;     Pkas.; 

SuK;    Vcr.  V. 
BepsTCUfislon,  of  eruption — Ais.:    Ciimpk.;    Sul. 
F£BBIGUIiA— (Simple,  contfnued  fever):    .4 cow,,-    Arn,: 
.4r^.,      Hapt.;      Hq\\.\     Hry.;      /^>rr.    p.;     Gela.;     lifrec; 
Kal.;    Puis,;    J?^iii  |. 
GASTBIC      .4ii/.  c.;    Bapt,'     ^f.y,;    Merc,  s,;    Santon. 
HECTIC— .4 L-ffi.  at;     Aeon.;     Arp.   m,:'    Ars-;    Ar^.   iod,; 
Bale,    per,;      Bapi.;     Gate,    c;     Calc.    iod.;      Calc.    s,; 
Carbo  v.;    Oh».  ar*,/    Cmcft,;    Fcrr.  m,;    Hep,;    Med,; 
M0Tx;.  s.;    01    j,  as.;    Pbell.;    Phos.  ac;     f^hon-;    Pyr.; 
Statin. 
INPlilTENZA— (Grippe)  I    Acitn,;   Ant.  iod-;    Ant.  t.;    Arjt.," 
Am.    iod-i     .4.rs.  s.   r.;      Bapt.;     BsiL,'     Bram.;     Sfy.; 
Camph.;    CanchaL;    Carb,  ac;    Caust.;    Cepa;    Cinch.; 
Cupr.   grs.;     Eryng.;     EucaL;     Eup.   P*ff~t     Euphras.; 
Gtls,;     Glon.;     Gymnotl.'     lodr;     Ipec,;     Lob,    cer.; 
Lv^h.  purp.:     Kali  bich.;     Merc,  s.^     Nat.  saL;     Phas.; 
Pod.^      Psor.;     Puis.;      Rhtt^   t.;     Rumex;      Sal.    ac; 
Sang,   ti.;     Senega;     Silph^;     Sptg. ;     Spong,;     Sticta; 
Sul.;    Siii.  fwb.;    Trios t,;    Var.  a. 
Iiiflueiixa,  de1»illty  of^ylr^.  ied.;     Avena;    Garb.  «c.; 
Ofw.  ars.;    CiHch.;    Con.;    Eup.  pcrf.;    /6*fw;    Lac 
c;    Phos,;    Psor/;    Sal-  ac. 
INTEBMITTBKT  F£V£B^tA£ue,  Malaria):  Aeon.;  Ah- 
toH.;  Am.  tn.;  -4pf.  pier.;  Amyl;  Ant.  c;  Ant.  t.;  Apu^ 
Aran.;    Am,;    v4r*,;    Are,  br.;    Aitadiir.;    Bapt,;    Bell.; 
.Bolet.;     Cact,;     Campk.    monobr.;    Canchal.;     Csp9.; 
Geanoth.:     Ctd*;     Centaur.;     Ckin^    art.;     Chin,    m^: 
Cimex;     Cina;     CjWJi.;     Corn,     fl.;      Elat.;     Eueal.; 
Eitp.  p4rf.;     Eup.  purp.;    Ferr.  m.;    Ferr.  p.;    Gels,; 
Heliantli.;     Hydr. ;     Ign.;     ip&c*;     Lack*:     MaUandK; 
Mgnyanth,;    Methyl,  bl.;     Nat,  m*;  Nux  v.;    Ostrya.; 
Pfco*.  ac;    Pod.:    Polyp.;     FwU.;    Rhus  t.;    Sabad.; 
Stil.:     Tarax.;     Tela    ar,;     Thuya;     Verb.;      V^r.   a.; 
Vcr.  V, 


978  REPERTORY 

ars.;   Ceanoth.;    Chin,  ars.;    Eucal.;    Eup.  perf.;   Ferr. 
m.;     Hydr.;     Ipec;     Malland.;      Nat.    m.;      Polymnia; 
Puis.;    Sul. 
Chronic,  inveterate  cases — Abies  n.;     Am.  m.;    Art.; 
Ars.  br.;    Canchal.;    Corn.  c. ;    Corn,  fl.;    Helianth.: 
Ign.;      Nat.   m.;    Puis.;   Pyr.;   Tela   ar.;     See  Abuse 
of  Quinine. 
Dumb  ague — An.;,  Chelone;     Gels.;    Ipec;    Malland. 
Impure  cases,  in  non-malarial  regloni — Ipec;   Nux  v. 
Pernicious     cases — Are.;      Camph.;      Chin,     hydrobr.; 

Chin,  s.;     Ver.  a. 
Recent  cases — Aeon.;    Are.;    Chin.  s. 
Stages,  partial.  Irregular— ^r».;    Cact.;     Eup.  purp.; 

Ipec. 
Stages,  regiUar,  well  defined— Cinch. 
CHILL:   OCCURRENCE  AND  TTPE— Afternoon:  1  P JI. 
daily:   Ferr.  p. 
Afternoon,  3  P.M. — Apis. 
Altemoon,  3  P.M. — Apis. 
Afternoon,  3-4  P.M. — Lye;    Thuya. 
Afternoon  6  P.M.— Cinch. 
Afternoon,  late,  evening,  night — Ced.;   Ipec. 
Anticipating — Chin,  s.;    Cinch.;    Nux  v. 
Forenoon — Cinch.;    Formal.;    Nux  v. 
Midnight— Ars. 
Mingled,   with  heat — Ant.    t.;     Apis;      Ars.;     Nux  v., 

Ver.  a.      See  Chilliness. 
Morning,  1-2  A.M. — Are. 
3  A.M.— Thuya. 
6-7  A.M.— Pod. 
7-9  A.M. — Eup.  perf. 

9-11  A.M.— Bapt.;    Cact.;    Mag.  s.;     Nat.  tn.;    Wyeth. 
Periodical — Aran.;    Ars.;    Bolet.;    Cact.;     Ced.;    Chin. 

s.;    Cinch.;     Eucal.;    Ipec. 
Periodical,  every  spring — Carbo  v.;    Lack.;    Sul. 
Prolonged — Cact.;     Canchal.;     Caps.;     Chin,   s.;     Eup. 
purp.;     Menyanth.;     Nux  v.;    Pod.;     Pyr.;    Sabad.; 
Ver.  a.;    Ver.  v. 
Slight — Azar.;    Cina;    Eup.  perf.;    Ipec. 
LOCATION— Abdomen:   Apis;    Menyanth. 

Back — Con  v.;     Dulc;     Eup.  perf.;    Gels.;    Lach.;    .Mag. 

s.;.    Nat.  m.;    Pyr. 
Back,  between  scapulae — Am.  m.;    Caps.;    Pyr. 
Breast — Cinch. 


\ 


PEVER  979 

Feet — ^Lach.;    Nat.  m,:    Sabad, 

Kote,  tip  of  ^Menyanth. 

TUl&ha-  Thuya. 
C ONC OMIT AKTS —Anxiety t  palpitation,  n&UBea,   catilna 
bUTiger*  pressUig  pain  In  hypogaEtiium,  caiigeistiye 
neadA  c^  e,  di  E  tend  ed,painfulV€lnB~-Ch]n.s.;    Cinch. 

Blue  lIp^T  nails      Emp.  pt^rt  ;     Nat    m.;     Nnxv.,*    Vcr.  a. 

Cough  dry  -  Kluis  t. 

Diarrhfi^a  —  Elat. 

Face  red  —  Perr.  m.;    Ign,i    Nux  v. 

Qastrlc  iymptomi—^ nl.  c;  Ats-  n.;  Canchal.;  Eup. 
perf.;     I  pec;     jVttJc  tf..     Pub. 

Hands,  feel  dead— Apis. 

Headaehe  — Coiiv.:     Eup.  perf.;    Eup,  purp.;    Nux  v. 

Headache.  vertlgGi  yawning,  KtretfiLhhiig.  seneral  dis- 
comfort—  .ALrti. 

Heart  symptoms,  eiiteiTtiasl&—C act. 

HypersestheBia  of  Eptne— Chin.  s. 

Loquacity— Pod. 

Falnliibonei.ilmbi,  soreness— Aran.:  Canthal.;  Caps; 
Chins.;  Cinch;  Hup.  perf.;  Eup.purp.;  Forma!.; 
Nux  v.;    PhelL 

Fains,  In  lolnti — Cinch. 

Fains,  In  knee  a »  ankles^  wrists,  hFPOirastrlxiin — Pud. 

Be^tlefisness  -.^rg.;    Rh\4s  t. 

TMrst —  .4^*13;  Ats.;  Caps.;  Cina;  Cinch.;  Con  v., 
EJuk.;    Eup.  perf.;   Ign.;    Nat.  m.;    Ver.  a.;   Wyeth- 

Thlfstlessneis — Chin,  s.;    Cimcx:    Eup.  pur  p.;   Gelt. 

Vehemence,  ra^e^  precedliis — Cimex, 

VomltllXg.  l^lliOUS     -iCnp.   perf.;    Nat.  itl.;    Nujtv. 

Yawnlnif,  stretching— [^1  at.  |H 

M O D ALITIES   - A£g rayated  from  a olda — L a c h .  V 

Aggravated  from  exposure-Mux  v.  vH 

Aggravated  from  exposure,  lying  dovm     Cintcic.  H 

Aggravated  from  motion     Api?^  ^ 
Aggravated  from  warmth —Cane hah ;    Chin.  ».;    Ciach 

N u.\  \' . 
Ameliorated  from  warmth     CaiJ^.^    I  kit, 
FEYEE  PABOXYSM     Afternoon,  glowing  h«At,.ln  fae«t 
hands,  feet — Azailir. 
Baclcaclie--Eup.  perf. 

Chill.  Intermingled— Nux  v.  H 

Di&rrbm&     A\n.  n.  ^H 

l>eiiriujn     iVd  ^    S».bad  ^H 


1 
4 


980  RBPBRTORT 

Deilre  to  be  covered — Nux  v. 
Desire  to  be  imcorered— Ipec. 

DyiimGBa — Apis;    Ars.;    Conv.;    Ipec. 

Gastric  symptoms — Ipec;    Nux  v. 

Hands  warm,  face  cold— Cina. 

Headache— Bell. ;    Eup.  perf.;     Nca.  m.;    Wyeth. 

Headache,  yellow  tongue,  nausea,  fatntness  in  qii- 

gastriiun,  costiveness— Polyp. 
Heat  burning — Apis;     Ars.;    Caps.;     Eup.  perf.;    For- 
mal.;   Ipec;    Lach.;     Nux  v. 
Hunger — Cina. 

Hydroa — Hep.;     Nat.  m.;    Rhus  t. 
Lachrymation — Sabad. 
Loquacity — Pod. 
Mental  confusion — Formal. 
Nettle  rash— Ign. ;   Rhus  t. 
Pain  colicky — Cina. 
Pain  in  head,  back,  limbs — Nux  v. 
Sighing — Ign. 

Sleepiness — Ant.  t.;    Corn,  fl.;    Op. 
Thirst — Ars.;     Chin,  s.;     Cinch.;     Eup.  perf.;    Nat.  in.; 

Op. 
Thirstlessness— Caps.;     Chin,  s.;     Cimex;     Ign.;    Nat. 

m.;    Sabad.;    Wyeth. 
Tongue  dean — Are.;   Cina. 
Trembling  of  limbs,  slow  pulse — Chin.  s. ;    Op. 
Vomiting — Cim.;    Eup.  perf.;    Ipec. 
Sweat — Ant.    c;      Azadir. ;      Bolet.;      Chin,    s.;     Cimex; 

Cina;     Cinch.;    Conv.;    Eup.  perf.;    Lye;    Nat.  m.; 

Nux  v.;     Phos.  ac;    Ver.  a.;     Wyeth.      See  Sweat. 
APYBEXIA— Adjmamia,  dropsy,  gastro -intestinal  pains, 
sallow  face,  dropsical  swellings — Ars. 
Adsmamia,  morning  headache,  depression,  costiveness, 

amenorrhcBa,  enlarged  liver,  desire    for  quiet— 

Nat.  m. 
Ad3mamia,  chlorosis,  hydremia — Puis. 
Gastro-enteric  symptoms — Cinch.;   Hydr. ;   Ipec;  .Vmj^ 

v.;    Puis. 
Jaimdice — Are.;    Pod. 
Nervous  symptoms — Gels. 
Relapses,  from  dietetic  errors — Ipec. 
Spleen  enlarged— Ceanoth.;    Nat.  m. 
Thirst— Cimex;    Ign. 

Vomiting— Ipec. 


FEVER 


OSi 


Tomltlnff,  abdiomliul  grlplnff,  paJn  In  ht,tk,   lolni — 

LOW     FEVERS  — Ail,;      Arn,;      Ars.;      Bapt.j      Camph. ; 

Ci5ce. ;    Crot.;    Eupat.  ar. :    Lach.;    Mi*r,  ac.:    Nit.  sp. 

d.;     Pkos,  a£.;     Phos.;     Pyr.;     Rhua  t,;    Tereb.      Sea 

Typhuii. 

MEDITEEEANEAl^FEVEB— Bapt.^    Bry,;    Cokh.:   Merc. 

s.:    Rhus  t, 
EELAPSmO  FEVEE— Aeon,;     Ars.;     Bapt.;    Bry.;    Cim.; 

Ewfii/./    Eup.  ijerf.;    Rhus  t, 
EEMITTEN?    rEVEE— Aeon:      Ant-    c.;       /lr*.r      BelL; 
Bry.;    C/it>i.  x.;    Cina;    Cinch.;     Gels.;    Hyos.;     Iprc; 
Mercs,;    Nit.  ac;    Nux  v,;    Hyclantb*;    Puis.:    Rhus 
t.;    Sul. 
Bemlttent,  |)Uloui,  low— Bry.;  Croi.:  Eup,  p^ff.;  Gels.; 

I  |jec. 
Remittent,  In  children— Ant.  c:    GV/s..-    Lept.;    PuU.; 
Santori, 
SEFTIC     FEVEE— .4f*./       Echin,;       Pyr.      Sec    Pyemia 

(Generalitii^), 
TRAUMATIC     FEVER- Aeon.;       Arn.i      Ars.;       Cinch.: 

Lach.     See  Injuries  (Generalities). 

TYPHUS    FEVEE— Aijar.;      Ail.;      Apis;      Ats.;      Arum; 

Bapt.;     Bell.;     Bry.;     Calc,    c;     Camph.;     Chin,    s.; 

Hellcb.:    Hya*,:    Kreos,;    Merc.  t.  r.;    Mere,  v,;    IS-ixr. 

ac,^    Op.;     Pkos.  ac.;    Pkint.;    Rhus  I,;    Stram. 

Cellulitis,  adenltiB  t  salivary) — BelL ;  Chin*  s. ;  Merc.  i.  r, 

Kerrous  lymptomi — Agjir. ;    B^it.;    Hyoi.;    Op,;    Phos. 

ac;    Phofi.;    Stram. 
TttXemla  — .4r*.;    Mur.  ac;    Rhus  t.     See  Typhoid. 
URETHRAL  FETEE — Ac^n,;    Ara,:     Chin,  ara,;    Cinch,; 

Ceitt.:    Hep,:    Lach.;    Phos.;    Rhys  t.;    Sil. 
WORM  FEVER  — C*»c;    Merc,  s.;    Santon.;    Spig. 
YELLOW  FEVEE— Aeon,:    Ant,  t.;    Are,  n.;    An.;    BelL; 
Bry,;      C'adm.    a.;     Camph.;      Canth,;     Coff.;      CroL; 
Hyos.;    I  pec;     Lack.;    Merc.;     Pko*.;    Sab*:    Vcr,  a. 


NERVOUS    SYSTEM 


NERVOUS    SYSTEM 

BBAIN:  EPILEPSY— (Ortnd  Mai);  Absinik.;  Mth.; 
Agar.:  Amyl;  Arg,  d,;  ArLv,;  Ars.;  Aster.;  Alrop.; 
BeiL;  Bor,;  B«/o;  Calc\  ars,;  C&lc*  t,;  Ca^mph.; 
C&ti.   ind.;     Ca.ij£t.;     Cic.;    Gim.;     Cocc;     Cupr.   m.: 

§Ferr.  cy,;    Gels.;    Glon.;     Hydroc.  ac;    Hyos,;     Ign.; 
Indigo;     Kali  br.;     Kali  cy.;     Lach^;    Meli.j    MethyL 
bL;    Nit*  ac;    Nux  v.;     Oftianth^;    Op.;    Plumb,  m.; 
Salam.;    SiL;    Solan,  c;    Spira;^;     Stram.;    Strych,; 
Sul.;     Tar     h.;     Tub.;     Val,;       Varh.:     Vbcum   alb.^ 
Zinc,  V. ;    /iisia^ 
CAUiE  AND    CONCOMITANTS- AUT&  a1>EUit:    Zinc,    v; 
Aura  absents  several  fits,  close  together— Art.  v. 
Aur»  begin  I,  a«  painful  spot«  b«twe€ii  shoulders,  or 

kdlxilness,  flashes  of  heat,  from  abdomen  to  head- 
Indijffo. 
Aura  bei:liis,  in  knees,  ascends  to  liypogastrtum  - 

CutJr,  m. 
Aura  begins,  in  itrnm^eh—nuio. 
Aura  descend i  -Cnlc.  c. 
Aura  felt,  In  heart  region — Calc.  ars. 
During  sleep — Bufo;    Cuth"  ;    Lach.;    Op.;    SiL 
Followed  by  deep  sleep— Hy us. 
Followed  by  hiccough     Cic, 
Followed  by  nautek,  vomiting — HelL 
Follciwed  by  restlesaness — Cupr.  m. 
Followed  by  tremor— ArR.  n. 
From  eruptions  siippressed  -  A^an 
From  frlgbt,  emotional  causes — Arg.  n.;   Art  v,;    ign 

^^B  From  hysteria — Mosch.;    Ocnanihe;   Sdnn.  c:   T*r*  h, 
^m  Zinc.  V, 

From,  injury— Meli.;    Ncit.  ^. 

From  men strual  dis turban o e s — B iif  o ;      Ced , ,      Cim 

From  pregnancy— Otifi  a  tithe. 
Tmjn  feziial  dlsturbancei — Art>  v,,    Bufo. 
Ijti  cillldren -    Belt  .     Ign . .    Sil . 


I 


986  REPERTORY 

Preceded  by  dilated  pupili — Arg.  n. 
Preceded  by  gastric  flatulency— i4rg.  n.;  Psor.;  Sul. 
Preceded  by  tremblings,  twitchings — Absinth.;   Aster. 
Preceded  by  vesicular  eruption — Cic. 
Recent  cases — Cupr.  m.;  Hydroc.  ac;  Ign.;   Plumb,  m. 
Status  epilepticus — Aeon.;    Oenanthe. 
PARALYSIS — Remedies     in    general:       Aeon.;     Agar.; 
Alum.;    Angust.;    Arg.  n.;    Am.;    Ars.;    Asaf.;   Aur.; 
Bar.  ac;    Bar.  c. ;    Bar.  m.;    Bell.;     Calend.;   Can.  ind. 
Caust.;    Cic;     Cocc;    Con.;    Cupr.  m.;    Cur.;    Dulc; 
Gels.;   Graph.;    Guaco;    Hydroc.  ac;    Hyos.;    Hyper.; 
Ign.;     Iris  fl.;     Kali  br.;     Kali  c;     Kali  iod.;    Lach.; 
Lol.  tern.;    Mercc;    Nat.  m. ;    Nuxv.;    Oleand.;  Op.; 
Ox.   ac;     Phos.;     Physost.;     Pier,   ac;     Plat.;    Plec- 
tranth.;     Plumb,  ac;    Plumb,  iod.;     Plumb,  m.;    Rhus 
t.;     Stann.;     Sec;     Strych.     ferr.    cit.;      Std.;     Tab.; 
Thall.;    Ver.  a.;    Xanth. 
TYPE — Agitans:    Agar.;    Ars.;    Aur.  sul.;    Camph.  mono- 
br.;    Can.  ind.;    Cocaine;    Cocc;    Con.;     Dub.;   Gels.; 
Hyosc.  hydrobr.;    Kali  br. ;    Mag.   p.;     Merc.  c.   Merc; 
Phos.;    Plumb.;    Tar.  h.;    Zinc  cy. ;    Zinc.  pier. 
Ascending  spinal — Alum.;    Con.;    Lathyr. ;    Led.;    Ox. 

ac;  Phos.  See  Spine. 
Bulbar — Guaco;  Plumb,  m. 
General  of  insane — Bell. ;    Can.  ind.;    Kali  br. ;    Merc,  c; 

Phos.;    Physost. 
Hemiplegia — Am.;     Aur.    m.;     Bapt.;      Bar.   c;    Bell: 
Bothrops;     Carbon    s.;      Caust.;      Chenop.;      Cocc; 
Hydroc.    ac;      I  rid.;      Lach.;       Nux    v.;      Oleand.; 
Physost.;    Pier,  ac ;    Sec;    Strych.;     Xanth. 
Hemiplegia,  left — Am.;   Bapt.;    Bell.;    Lach.;   Physost; 

Xanth. 
Hemiplegia,  right— Ca«*/.,    Chenop.;    Irid. 
Hysterical — Asaf.;    Cocc;    Ign.;    Phos. 
Infantile  (poliomyelitis  anterior) — Aeon.;  Bell.;  Calc. 
c;     Caust.;     Gels.;     Nux    v.;     Phos.;      Plumb,  m.; 
Sec.      See  Spine. 
Labio-glos  SO -pharyngeal  —  Anac;        Bell.;       Oleand.; 

Plumb. 
Lead — Alumen;    Caust.;    Cupr.;    Op.;    Sul.  ac. 
Localized,  in  bladder — Nux  v. 
Localized,  in  chest — Gels. 

Localized,    in   eye  muscles— Caust. ;       Con.;       Gels.. 
Physost. 


NERVOUS    SYSTEM  987 

Kati  chlffr.;     Rhus  t. ;     Solan,  ves.;    Zinc,  pier, 
Locallsedr  In  fore&nn;  {wristdrop) — Plumb, 
LO  call  i«d.  In  motor  neryfli — Cur.:      Gek-       O^.     ac; 

Pkos.;    Phy&o?tt.;     Xatilh. 

Loci.il zed,  Inneck  — Coct. 

LocaUsedt  In  ECBiory  narrei — Cifcaine;   Labum,:  PUt. 

Lo  Gail  zed,  In  iphlncten — C^tmt.:    Gels.;    Physost, 

Localised,  In  tliroat,  vocal  cordi — Bc^ll.;   Canst. ;  Cctce.; 

Gels  :    Kfth  p  ;    Plumb,  '^r 

ParapleRl*— ^f-*      *;      Am.;      BtlL.      CauL;      Co  mj/.; 

Ci>cc.;    Con.,-    CHpr,  m.;    Gth.;    Hyp€r,;    Kali  iod.; 

Ktili  taH.:    Kabi     Lathyr.:    Mere,  c;    Nujt  v,;    Ox, 

a^-;    Pka*.;    Physost.;    Pier.  «c.;     Plumb,  ac:    Rhus 

t.;    Sec:    Strych.;     Tkall 

Paraplegtft,  fpaittc— Gels.;    Hyper,;    Lathyr.;    Nux  v. ; 

Plectranth-,    Seo^      isee  Sclerosis  (SpinE). 
Poit^dlphttLtrltlo — Arg.  n.;    Aur,  mur,;    Cauit.;    Cocc; 
Con,;     Dipb.'      Gwti,;     Laeh.^     Nat.    m.;     Nu3t   v.: 
Phyt.;    Plumb,  m.:    Rbod.;    Sec. 
Pseudo-hTpertropMc— Cur.:    Phot.;    Thyr. 
Kbeumatlc— Ciif«f  ,    Lathyr.;    Rhus  t.;    SuJ. 
Spinal  origin — Can.  ind.;     Lathyr r;     Phas.;     Physost.; 
Pier,  iic;    Xanth. 
PITITMAL— .4^^  r..     Bell,;    Phos.;    Zinc, 
8LE£P — Drowilness,  IrrealatlMe:    ^th.^ 
t.:     Apis;    Apoc;     Aran,  sc;     Arw-  n. 
Bry, t    Can.  ind.;    Carbon.,  ax,;    Canst,; 
Coca:    Cocc;    Croc:    Dub.;    Forr.  p,; 
Hydrc>c*  ac;    Kali  c;    La  burn,  i    Liuar.;    Lob,  purp.; 
LupitL:     Morpk.;     Nux  m.;     Op.;    Phoa^  ac;     Pbos,; 
Pyr.:    Senec;    Sulphuri. 
DrowslnesSp  art«MXieali — Bism  ;  Cinck.;  Kali  c;  Lye; 
Nux  v.;  Paull.-    Phas.      See  Indigestion  (Stomath). 
Drc^walneiS,  during daj — Agar.;  Alum.;    Aiti.  t.;  Anac. , 
Ant,  c.;    Cftk*  c,;    Calc.  p.;    Can.  s,^    Cinch.;    Cin- 
nab. ;    Calt:h.;    Euphras.;    LupuL;    Lye,;    MaR.  fn. ; 
Merc,    c;     Merc;     Nat.    c;      Op.;      Pkow.;     Sep.; 
Spong.;    Swf. 
UriiwtlnaiB,  during  day,  wakeful  at  P.M. —  Ahits  n.; 
Colch.;      Lacb.;      Lye;      Merc;      Phoa,    ac;     Thta. 
See  Insnmnia. 
Drowtlneia,  In  A.M.  and  forenoon — AUm,;   Atum^. ,  Av,i 
Bism.,    Nat.  m.;    Sn%v, 


nf. 

Am. 

c. :  A  ttt 

;     Arn 

•     B0li. 

Cinch. 

;   Chm 

Gvh.; 

HeUeb. 

988  REPERTORY 

Drowtinest,  in  early  eveninc — Calc.  c;    Mang.  ac: 

Nux  v.;    Puis.;    Sep. 
Drowtinest,  yet  cannot  tleep — Ambra;     ApU;    Bill; 
Can.  ind.;    Canst.;    Cham.;    Coff.;    Cupr.  m.;    Ferr. 
m.;    Gels.;    Lach.;    Morph.;    Op.;    Stram. 
INCUBUS — (Nightmare):    Aeon.;    Am.;    Aur.hr.;  Bapt.: 
Can.  ind.;    Chloral;    Cina;    Cyprip.;     Daphne;     Kali 
br.;    Kali  p.;     Nux  v.;    Paeonia;     Scutel. ;    Solan,  n.; 
Sul. 
msOMNIA— (Sleeplettnett):      Bemedies     in    general: 
Absinth.;      Aeon.;     Agar.;      Alum.;     Ambra;     Anac; 
Ant.  c;    Apis;    Aquil.;    Am.;    Arg.  n.;     Ars.;    Aur.; 
Avena;    Bapt.;     Bell.;    Bry.;    Cact.;    Caffeine;    Calc. 
c;     Camph.;     Can.    ind.;     Caul.;      Cham.;     Chloral; 
Cim.;    Cinch.;    Coca;    Coff.;    Col.;    Cyprip.;    Daphne; 
Gels.;    Hyos.;    Hyosc.  hydrobr.;    Ign.;    lod.;     Kalibr.; 
Kali    p.;      Lupul.;      Lyssin;      Merc;      Nux    v.;    Op.; 
Passifl.;     Phos.;     Puis.;     Selen.;     Scutel.;     Sulphon.; 
Sul.;    Sumb.;    Stram.;    Tela  ar.;    Thea;    Zinc.  p. 
CAUSES  AND  OCCUBBENCE— Abdominal  ditturliances: 
Ant.  t.;    Cupr.  m. 
Aching  in  bones — Daphne. 
Aching  in  muscles — Helon. 
Alcoholic,   dmg,   habits — Ars.;     Avena;     Cim.;     Gels.; 

Nux  v.;    Op.;    Sec;    Stram.;    Sumb. 
Banqueting,  late  suppers — Puis. 
Coffee,  abuse  of — Cham.;    Nux  v. 
Coldness  of  body — Aeon.;    Ambra;    Camph.;    Carbo  v.; 

Cistus;      Ver.  a. 
Cramps— Col.;    Cupr.  m. 

Dellriiun — Aeon.;     Bell.;     Cact.;     Calc.   c;     Can.  ind.; 
Gels.;     Hyos.;     Kali  br. ;     Phos.;     Stram.;     Ver.  a. 
See  Mind. 
Dentition — Cham.;    Coca;    Cyprip.      See  Teeth. 
DREAMS — Accidents,  falling  from  height,  etc.:    Am.: 
Bell.;    Calc.  c;    Dig.;    Lye;    Nit.  ac;    Sil.;    Ver.  a. 
Animals,  snakes — Arg.  n.;    Op.;    Ran.  sc. 
Anxious — Abies    n.;      Aeon.;      Ambra;      Anac;      Apis: 
Arg.    n.;     Arn.;      Ars.;     Bell.;      Bry.;     Can.    ind.; 
Cham.;    Euphorb.  dath.;     Ferr.   p.;     Ign.;    Oxytr.; 
Rhus  t.;    Sec;    Sil.;    Staph.;    Sul. 
Confused — Alum.;   Glon.;    Helleb.;    Hydroc.  ac;    P^os. 
Death,  or  dead  persons — Am.;    Ars.;  Can.   ind.;  Grot, 
case;    Crot.;    Elaps;    Lach.;    Ran.  sc. 


NEKVOUS    SYSTEM  $89 

Ex«rUoii  of  bodj,  totU  ImiliiBM— Apisr    Ars.j    Bry.t 

Nux  v.^     Rkuit.:    Staph. 
fluitftitlCr  pleiimnt  —  Op. 
Flying  through  fclr— Apis;    Mktfs  gL,    Sticta. 
Horrlblfi  — Adon.    v..^      .4r^.    n,:     Aur.;     Bapt.;      BslL; 

Cact.;   €alc,  c;    Can.  inrl..    Ckam.;   Cinch.;    Colck.; 

Eupion;    Hyoit;    Kali  br.;    Lil.  i.;    Mwrc  f.;    Psorv; 

Puls.;     Ran.    sc;      /?Amj    i.;     Still LeL^     Sec;     Stir.; 

Thoa;   Zinc. 
LaictTlmit— Arg.  ti^;    Ars,;    Caii,  ind,;    CqUqU,;    Dwte,^ 

Ham.;     HyttJt.:     Ifin.;     Nat,    01. j     Op.;     Phcjs,    «ie.] 

PAofl.;     SiL:     5*a^ft,;     Thtiya;     Us  III.     See    Emi»- 

sions  (Male  Seicusl  SysLem). 
Bobber  a—  ^^T^  m.;    Psot.;    Ver.  a. 
Vl^d— A^ar, :      Arje.    11.;     Can.   ind.;     CufT,;     Daphne; 

Diosc;      Hydroc,    ac;      //yo*  ,-     lod.;     Mang.    ac; 

Phos.;    Pyr.;    5h/.;    Ver.  v.      S«e  AnxkntK, 
Dry  mouth- -Calc.  c.'     Nwic  m  ;    Tar,  h. 
Emotlonsa  cAUtes,   istitU  w^rry,  ui^etjj,  or«r-«Kclfie- 
motti     uenrouiiios  i )  —  A  1«  i  n  th . ;       j4  can . ;      ^  wt^r  a ; 
Auf.;      Can.     itid.:      Cham.;      Chloral;     Cim.;    Coca; 

bt-i     Nat.    m.;      A?«j    v.,"    Op.;    PaBsif^.;    Phos.  ac,  1 

Sencc;    Sep.;    St  ram.;    Thea, 
Exhi.li  it  Ion  r  debilitF,  OTer  exertion  o£  mind,  or  body- 

Am.;      Ars.:      Avenci;      Can,     ind. ;     Chloral;     Cim*; 

Cinch.;    Cocc;    Colck.;     Gwh.;      Kali    br.;      Afu*    u.; 

Passid.;     Fhoi, 
Eyei,   h&lf   open,   during— Cli am.,     Hyos.:    Ipec:    Op/, 

y.inc-  M,     ?icc  Eyes, 
Grfudlng  of  teethf  during — Belt.;    Cic;    Oh  a;    Hetleb. ; 

SiMiityn.;    xSpij?. 
He&t   In   general — Am.;     J^ar;    c;     MelL;    Bor,;     CausL. 

Hfp.;    Kali   hr»;     Mag.    tn.;    Mtph.;    Stinic.;  Sil.;    Sui. 
Htmeer — Abies  n.]    Cina;    Igti.;    Lye;    Paor, 
Hyperacute  leniee — BwiL;   Op. 
tn  ageA — A^oH.;    Ats.;    Psissiil.;    PkoM, 
In    dhlldren — Abtintk,;      Aeon,;      Are,;      fl#/J.;     Cham.; 

Cyprip.;    Hyo».:    Kali  br.;     pQ$Hfi.;    Phos.;    Sul. 
It chlng  —  Af^ar,;    Ps Or . ;    Tfe u dr . ;    V al , 
Itching  Gf  ^nas^  A  lot;   Coff.:    Irti.i    fndigo. 
Slent&l    actlTltyi    flow    of    Ideas— ^ Aeon,:     Apium   gr.; 

Apis;    J3ry. :     Cal^.   c.;     Cinch. ;     Cofi^;    ^«>s.a    ^^v-'- 
Hys9,:    M^ph,;     Nuie  v.;    Sep-;    Vet,  a* 


ggo  RKPERTOBY 

Mo&nliigf  whlniiiif«  durli^— A\jr.;     Bapt,;     BelLi    Car  bo 
v.;     Oofw.;    Cic.:    Cupr.  ac;     Geh.;     Helieb,:  Hyf^e  ; 
Nat-  m.:    Op.;    Pod.;    Pub.;    Ver.  a. 
FtUns — Ars.;    Canind.:    Cham.;    Ma^.  m.;    Merc. 
p  alpitatl  on  '   A  ki  m . :    Cact . ,    /  t>t^ . ,    R  h  uu  t , ;    Sep  - 
POSITION —Must  lie  on  bRclt— /!r*..-    Am.  c;    Cina, 

Must  lie  on  Ijelly—  Acqt.  ae. 

Must  lie  on  hmnds  and  kness— Cina. 

Must  lie  with  hands  over  head — Ar?,;    Ptib. 

Must  He  with  hands  under  head— Ars.;    BeU.t    Plat. 

Must  He  with  legs  apart     Cham,:    Plat, 

MUit  He  with  legs  crossed  -Rhod. 

Must  lie  with  one  l«g  drawn  up,  other  stretched  out- 
Stan  n. 
Futsatlon    tn     arteries*     arterial     eXQltemetit— Acqu.; 

Beti.-    Cact.;     Gion.;    Spc;    Thea, 
ReBtlessnesK^    ^VLXin^- Aeon.;     Agar,:    Alum.:     Ambra; 

Apis       Apoc;       ArB.    n,;    Ara;    BapL;     B«ti*;     Bry,; 

Can.     ind.;     Canute ;     Cham.;      Cina,       Cim.;      CoH/, 
I  Eup.     perf.;     Glon,:      Hyos.;     Ign,:    Ja/,,"     Kali  br; 

I  Paasifl.-     Pub,;     Rh%ii  i.:     Santon.;     SciffW.;    Stram,, 

Sulplion.-     Sul-;    Thea  ^    Zint.-.  m. 
ReiilestneBi,    awakens    frequently    ( catnaps )— Bar,   c: 

Calo-      c.;       Dlk.;        Ferr.      m.,      /lEM-/      Fkoit.;      Plat,, 

i'ff/H(7B,,"    Stram.;    .S'm/, 
SestleBB,    rolling    heftd — Apb;      BetL;      Helleb.:     Fd<j.» 

ZitiCr 
Sexual    CMiaes— Can.    ind.;      Ca?i(ii.;      A'a/i    Ar.;     Raph. 

See  Sexual  Sy5lem+ 
Shocks,  electric  like,  on  falling  asleep — Ant.  t.;    Cupr. 

m.,    Ign.:    Ipec- 
ShrlekB,    Bcreuns,    awftkeni    frightened — Ap4$;     Aur.; 

Bell.;      B o r . ^      Cina;      C ind h . ;      Cupr*    ac . ;      C y prip . ^ 

Dij^. :    HvUeb  :    Hya.;   lodol;   Lye;   Pub.i    Stram. 
SlnfflnSi  <>n  awaking— Sui 
Skin  dry  — Thca. 
Sleepless,    In    ev^enln^i   before    mldzLight — Am.;   Lach  ; 

Lil.  i.;    Nat.  m,;     Nuxv,;     Phos.  ac,    Phoa.;    PuUu 

HhiA*  i.;    Thuya, 
Sleepless,    after     3-3    AJU, — Bapt.;      Bellis:     Cah-    ^,; 

Cincli.'     Coff.;     Kaii  €.;    Nat.  c;    Nat.   m,;    Nit.  ac: 
N  «  Jf  V, ;    Sele  n . :    Se  p  ► 
Suortng,  during — Cinch.;     Op.;    ^Xt^w^.^    TMb.;    Zinc,  m^ 
Moporoutt   deep,    hei.Tr    il%«&'-Knv.   c,%    A^*;     fc^t^n 


NERVOUS    SYSTEM 


Cinch.;       Capr,      m.;       Hrlhh,;       Hyos,;      Lapt. 
LonLa.;      IfUpul.;       Morph.;      Niix     tn. ;     Op.i      PkoK. 
ac;    Piioidia:    Pod.;    Rhus  t.;    Sec:    Stram.;    SuL 
unodle    tymptom*    durti^s    (ferlflitgff,    twiteMngi 

Startlnga?  — /Ur^n.,-  .'Eth.;  A),*ar.;  AmbrEi;  A^ix: 
Ai-in,,  Beli.;  Bry.i  Calc,  c:  Carbo  v.l  Oiaw,; 
Cina;  Cupr,  ac  ;  Helleb,^  Hyos.;  tgn,;  Lyci 
Morph.;  Passifl  ;  Phos.;  SiL,  ^ii-dHi./  Tar.  h.; 
Val.;    ZfHc  m.;    ZiEla. 

iuilooi.tl<m,  loift  af  braa^th.  on  QidliRs  ^Mleep—Am.  c.; 
I         Ara.*      Cur.*     Graph.;      Grind.:      Kali    iod.;     Lack.: 
I         Morph.;    Naja;    Op.;    Samb.;    Spong.;    Tcucr. 
Sweltlnr  during— ^th- :    Calc,  c. ;     Cham.,-    Sil.;   Ver.  a. 

See  Nit^ht  Sweats  (Pever). 
Talklnff  durtng^^Bar.   c;     C*«a,-     Helleb.;    Hy<as.;     Sep*; 

Sitl.  I 

Tea*  abuie  of —Cinch. 
Tobacco— Gck 
Unrofreihlu^,  awakefli  wretohid— /Iwi.  c;    Apium  /jr.; 

>!«.;      Bry.;      Cinch.;      Cobalt.;      CaH.t      Bisi      Fcrr. 

m,;     Hgp.:    Lil  t.:     i>c.;     Mag,   c;     Merc,  c;     JV*** 

V,-     Op.i     Phns.;      Pi<i*.;     Rhtis    t.;     5wi,,-    Thuyas 

Zinc.  m. 
BOMNAMBtn^ISM- Walking   duting:      Bfy.;      /Cciff    &f.ri 

Pa:oTiia;    SU.      See  Mind. 
TAWNIN0I     Btretoblns    lliabB— Acom,:     Agar.;     Am^\ 

Ant,    t;      Am-;      Calc.    c;     Carb.^      Castt^r,.;      Ch*L 

Cina;      Cinch;      Cuca;      Crdt*;      Cupr.     ac;     Elai.; 

Etiphras.;    Gels.;     tiydroc.  ac;    /gw.,'^    Kalic. ^   Lye; 

Morph.;     ^'a^  m.,     ^IbjfJt  /.;    Sec;    SiL;    SmI. 
OENERALITIE8:    ADYNAMIA— I  G«iieral  weakneii,  de- 

tblLity)^  Aiijes  c;  AreL  ac;  AhL;  Ahtui}.;  Am,  c  ; 
Anac;  AfU-  t.;  Antipyrr^  Apis;  Afk  n.;  Am.;  Ars. 
iod.;  Afit.;  Asaf. ;  Aiir.i  Aur.  mur.;  A  vena;  Bapi.; 
Sry.;  Calc,  c;  Calc.  p.,-  Camph.;  Can,  s+t  Canth*; 
Carb.  ac.;  Car6iJ  t,;  CauL;  CAtn.  ar«.;  CiWA.;  Coeci 
Cokh.;  Con.;  Grat.;  Cupr.  m,\  Cur.;  Dig.;  Dnlc; 
Echin.;  Feww,  cit.  #1.  chin.;  Ferr.  m.;  Ferr.  mur.: 
Ferr.  p.;  G*U;  Helleb.;  H^lon.;  Hydr.;  Hyos.;  Ign; 
lod.;  Ipfic;  hid. I  Iris;  Kali  c;  Kali  f**;Lach.; 
Lttli.  c;  Lob,  piirp,;  Lye;  Melt. ;  Mt^re,  c, ;  Mtrf^cy.; 
Merc.  i.  r.;  MurcK;  Mur.ac;  Nat,  e;  Nit.  m,;  Nat. 
*aL;  Nit.  ac  ;  Nux  v.;  Op,;  Ox,  a^.',  P^ntk,  <vc.; 
Pkos.;    PJjysusl.;     Fitful    ac:    PfOt.\   'B^-vaiX'.,  "^^^ 


B 


k 


992  REPERTORY 

Sec;    Selen.;    Sep.;    Sil.;    Spong.;    Stann.;    Stroph.; 
Strych.;    Sulphon.;    Sul.  ac;     Tab.;    Tereb.;     Thuya; 
Val.;     Ver.  a.;    Zinc,  m.;    Zinc,  p.;    Zinc.  pier. 
Adynamia,     collapse — Aeon.;      Ant,    t.;      Arn.;      An.; 
Camph.;   Carb.  ac;    Carbov.;   Colch.;    Crat.;  Cupr. 
ac;    Dig.;    Hydroc  ac;    Laur.;    Lob.  purp.;    Med.; 
Morph.;    Op.;     Tab.;     Ver.  a.;    Zinc  m. 
Adynamia,  from  acute  diseases,  mental  strain— ^^ 
ston.;     Avena;      Calc.    p.;     Carbo    an.;     Carbo  v.; 
Chin,  ars.;    Cinch.;    Cocc;   Colch.;    Cupr.  m.;    Dig.; 
Irid.;    Lob.  purp.;    Nat.  sal.;     Nux  v.;     Phos.  ac; 
Fhos.;    Psor.;   Staph. 
Adsmamia,  from  drugging — Carbo  v. ;   Nux  v. 
Ad3mamia,  from  excesses,  vital  drains — Calc.  p.;  Carbo 
v.;    Caust.;    Chin,  s.;    Cinch.;    Corn,  fl.;    Cur.;   Kali 
c;     Phos.  ac;    Phos.;    Stroph. 
Adynamia,  from  heat  of  summer — Ant.  c;    GeU.;  Nat. 

c;    Selen. 
Adynamia,  from  injuries — Acet.  ac;    Am.;   Carbo  an.; 

Sul.  ac. 
Adynamia,  from  some  deep   seated  dyscrasia— Pjor.; 

Sul.  ac;    Sul. 
Adjmamia,  in  aged — Bar.  c;    Con.;   Cur.;    Phos.;  Selen. 
Adynamia,  worse  in  A.M. — Acal.;  Corn,  c;    Nat.  m.; 
Nit.  ac;    Psor. 
ALCOHOLISM — Ant.    t.;      Ars.;      Asar.;      Aur.;      Avena; 
Bism.;    Calc.  ars.;    Caps.;    Cinch,  rub.;    Cocc;    Cupr. 
ars.;     Hydr. ;     Kali   iod.;     Lupul.;      Nux   v.;     Phos.; 
Psor.;     Querc;      Ran.    b.;     Sul.    ac;     Sul.;     Stercul.; 
Stroph.;     Strych.    n.;     Syph.;     Tub.;     Zinc    m.     See 
Chronic  Gastritis  (Stomach). 
Alcoholism:    To  overcome  habit — Bufo;    Cinch,  rub.; 
Querc;    Stercul.;    Sul.  ac. 
ATHETOSES— Lath yr.;    Strych. 
BERI-BEEI— E/a^;    Lathyr.;    Rhus  t. 
CHOREA — (St.  Vitus  Dance)  :    Absinth.;  i4gar.;  Agar  cin. 
Arg.  n.;     Ars.;    Asaf.;     Aster.;     Bell.;    Calc.    c;   Calc 
p.;     Caust.;    Chloral;     Cim.;    Cina;     Cocaine;    Cocc. 
Con.;    Croc;    Cupr.  ac. ;    Cupr.  m.;    Eupat.  ar.;    Ferr. 
cy.;     Ferr,  red.;    Hippom.;    Hyos.;    Ign.;    Iod.;    Kal 
br. ;     Mag.   p.;     Myg.;     Nux  v.;     Op.;     Phos.;    Puis. 
Santon.;    Scutel.;    Spig.;    Strain. ;    Strych.;    Sulphon. 
Tanac;      Tar.    h.;     Thasp.;     Ver.    v.;      Viscum  alb. 
Zinc,  br.;    Zinc,  cy.;    Zinc.  m. 


NERVOUS    SYSTEM 


49.^ 


CAUSE  AND  OCCUBB£NC£--AliranlA:     Ars.;     F#fr  r*c^., 

Eruptioni  tuppreiaed— Zinc.  m. 
Frkght — /gM.,  Stram.;  Zinc,  m 
H«rV0UI    dliturb*noei— .4«o/.      Bell;      Cim.;      Cocc; 

liyos.;    Ign.,     Kalibr.;    Stram. 
Pubertlc— A^ftf.;    Cim.^    Puis. 
Eliemnatl  am— C  l  m . 
aoroIulouB,    tubercul&r — Calc.    c:     CaU.    p.;     Caitst  ; 

Wormi— Cinii ;     SanLon.;     Spif^. 

Worse,  ftt  approach  of  l!himd«r  atorm—  At^ar. 
Worie,  durtng  ileop— Tar,  h,,    Kizia. 
Worae^  fa«« — Lauat  ;    il/i/!, 

Worse^  from  cold,  nolae,  \\g}a.t»  emotions-  Ign, 

Worse,  IB  spa BmSp  partial,  ohanglng  constantly— Si  r»m 

Worie*  left  arm,  right  leg  — Cim. 

Worse,  rlglit  arm.,  loft  lee  — A^^ar. 

Worse,  right  side  tongue  aff eoted»  staooato  sp»#<Jh-* 

Causl. 
Worse,  unilaterally   -CalL-.  c 
COHTTTIiSIONS-Bemedles  In  5eii«T«a:    Absinth.  ^    .^th.; 
Antipyr  ;    Ara  ;    Art    v.;     Huli  :    Caropb,;    C*n.  ind,: 
Canth.:    Carb.  a.c.i    C'/iJ»(.^     Cim.L    Cic;    Citia;    Coca 
Cupr.  Of.,     Cvpr.  art.;     Cupr,   m.:    Eunnym,",    Gel*.; 
Glon.;    HcUeb.;    Hydros,  or*,^    Hyper.;    Hyo*.:    /f».; 
Iriflfl.;    Kalibr.;    Laburn.;    Lysstin;    Mag.  p.,'   Marph.; 
NuK  V,:    Otnanihe;    Pas&ifl.:    Phos,;    Physcat-S    PUt.; 
Plumbs  chrom.i    Plumb-:    SU.,'    Sotan*  c;    Solan,  n.; 
Stram.;    Strych.;    Upas  art.;      UpaEt.;    Ver,  v^:    Zinc, 
m.;    Zinc,  s, 
CAUSE  ANP  TYP  E  — AHf  «r  i    c:  h »  m , ;    N  u  x  v , 
Carphopedal-  Cupr.  &l\\    l^^n 
C  a  taleptl  c — C  i  c .  ■    M  qsc  h . 

Children,    lafantt,    from   r«flex    cauiea«   deiititloii- 
I  Absinth,;     jEik.;    ArL  v.;     E^IL;    Campk,  monobr,; 

CauBt.,  Cham^;  Chloral;  Cic:  Cina:  Crtcci 
Hdkb.;  HydrQc^  ac.;  Ign,;  Kali  6f,,  Kre&s.: 
Mag.  p.,  5(lfili.;  OMHitnik*;  Statin.;  Strarci-,  Zinc, 
m.  See  Wgrms. 
OloMo — Antipyr.;  Api*;  Catniih.;  Carb.  ae.;  Cupr. 
jj).;  OeU, ,  Hyos.;  Ipft  ,  Kicot.;  Plumb*  m,  ; 
Upas  urt, 
£nui  £li«izu  ta— Aeon;    BmU.  ;    G\qu  , 


994  REPERTORY 

Exanthemata,    luppretted — Ars.;      Cupr.    m.;     Op.. 

Zinc,  m.;   Zinc.  s. 
Foot  iweat,  luppretted— Sil. 
Fright — Aeon.;    Hyos.;    Ign.;    Op. 
Hysterical — Absinth.;     Asar.;     Caul.;     G^ls.;     Hydroc. 

ac;    Hyos.;    Ign.;    Mosch.;    Plat. 
Injury— Cic;    Hyper. 
Isolated  groups  of  muscles— Cic. ;     Nux   v.;     Stram.; 

Strych. 
Labor — Ver.  V.      See  Female  Sexual  System. 
Menset   suppressed— Millef.      See    Female    Sexual  S\'s 

tem. 
Metastases,  from  other  organs — Apis ;  Cupr. ;  Zinc.  m. 

Spinal  origin — Aeon.;     Cic.;    Hyper.;    Ign.;    Oenanthe; 

Physost. 
Tonic:     OpisthOtonot — Apis;     Cic.;     Cupr.   ac;     Cupr. 

m.;     Hydroc.  ac.;     Ign.;     Ipec;     Mag.   p.;     Nicot.: 

Nux  v.;    Physost.;    Solan,  c.;    Sdlan.  n.;    Strych.; 
Upas. 
Uremic — Carb.  ac;    Cic.;     Cupr.  ars.;    Glon.;    Helleb.: 

Hydroc.  ac;    Merc,  c;     Op.;    Plumb.;    Piloc;    Urt. 

See  Urinary  System. 
Whooping  cough— Cupr.  m. 
Worms — Cic;    Cina;    Hyos.;    Indigo;    Kali  br. ;    Sabad.; 

Santon.;    Tanac 
CONCOMITANTS— Beginning  in  fingers,  toes,  radiate  all 

over — Cupr.  m. 
Bladder,  chest,  intestines,  striated  muscles,  chiefly 

involved,  drowsiness,  rigid  limbs — Bell. 
Calves  of  legs — Cupr.  m. 
Chorea  like — Sticta. 

Convulsive  jerkings,  of  limbs  and  head — Cham.;   cic. 
Cyanosis — Cupr.  ac;    Hydroc  ac. 
Extremities  cold — Helleb.;    Hydroc  ac;     \Hcot. 
Followed  by  collapse — Nicot. 
Followed  by  deep  sleep— Cupr.  ac 
Followed  by  paresis — Aeon.;     Elaps;    Lonic;    Plumb 
Followed  by  restlessness — Cupr.  m. 
No  fever — Mag.  p.;    Zinc  m. 
Pale  face — Zinc  m. 

Preceded,  by  gastro-intestinal  symptoms— Cupr.  ai> 
Preceded,  by  restlessness — Arg.  n. 
Shrieks,   screams,  before,   and  during — Apis;    Cina 

HelUh.;    Op. 


r 


NBRVOUS    SYSTEM 


995 


blepftlas— Plumb,  chroTO. 

^Mngs,  cramp  a  r  gastTO-enteiic  ^mptciiaa^Nu?L  v 
nt  voml  ting     U  p  ai^ . 
conEClousaeci — Nux  v.;    ^tram,;    Strych, 
out  coaaMoiianeM— Bell.^    Cic.;   Cupr.  ac;    Cupfn 
ar£.;     Cupr.  m.;    GIqii^l     Hyos.;     O^. 
/■ew  from  llshtf,  reflection — Be/;,;    Cok/Ii./    Lyesin; 
St  ram. :    StTyck. 
orse,  from  touch,  motion— Nujic  v.:    Strych. 
ICIENT     REACTION— Am  bra;       Caps.:       Corbo     v.: 
Cupfn  ni^i     Hfjlleh.^     Laur.,     Op.;     Panr.-^    5iilr,'    Tub,: 
Val. ;    Zinc.  m. 

F  HTHAUiIIG  GO  ITBE  -  ( B  &Bedo w'  s  Dis  eas  e  K  A  m  jrl  i 

Atb,:     Ars^  iod,;     Aur^;     BelL;    Brom,;     Cact.;    Calc, 

e, ;    Colch.;    Ephedra;    Ferr.  iod.;     F^rr.  m.;    FetTh  p-^ 

j#'Euctis;      Gion.;      lod.;      Lycop.;      Nat.     m.;       Pilo€.; 

J^--SpartH  s . ;    Spopgf^    Tkyr, 

Ju-BE-ME&^iSe&ildncLeii):   Amyl;    .4/^i?m£rr/i^.;  Am.; 
Cereum    ox.;      Chloral;      C&cc;     Cucurb.:      Kali    br. ; 


M or p b . ;     N ico t , ;      jV ux    ik:      Petrol,;     Staph.; 
Tbea^     Titer.      See  Vomiting  (Stomach). 
iOEFHDfISM— .4tf«na,-     Can.    ind.;     Cim.^     I  pec; 
infl.i    Macrot.;    Kat,  p. 
idOEVAK'S    DISEASE— .4  (ir.    tnur.;      Jiar.     inur. ; 
Sue;    Sil.-    Thuya. 
/  NEETOtTB  AFFECTIONS- Of  ctgar  makers:    Gels. 
I       Nervous  affections  of  glrU,  at  puberty — Caul.: 


Tab,; 


Lob. 


Lach.; 


Cinu 


Nervous  atfectlone  of  onanists     Gels.,    Kali  p. 

Nervous  alTection«  from  woraii— Ctwd,    Psor,: 

NEB VOUSSTESS-- In  general:   Abies  n.;   AUintb.; 

Ambrai    Amyl:    .4«a^.,    Ars.:    /Utj/.;    .Aiar,;   Camph, 

raoTJobr, ;      Cham.;      Ctm*;      Coca;      Cocaine;      Coff.; 

Cyprip.;     Eupat.  ar. ;     GsU.;    Hedeoma;     Ign*;     Kali 

br.i     Kali  c;    Kali  p.;     Ma^.    p.;    N\ix    vr,     Oopbor. . 

Op.;       Pkm  ;       pM}sr,       Santon.;       Senec;       Siram.; 

Sttyeh.;      Thes*;      Ther.;       VttL;      Val     am.;      Xanth: 

Zinc.  m.      See  Moods  (Minri). 

Nerroumftiii     hyperseHBltlveneii- /Icc^n,;       An^jusl,; 

Apis;     Asjif.;      A  tar.;      Am.:      Aur,;      B^U,;      Bof.; 

Calad.;    Camph.;    Can.  iiid,;    Cantb.;    Chiim.;   Chin, 

mur.;    Cim.;    Cinch.;   C&ff,;    Cakh,;    Htp,;    Hyper.; 

Ign.;    Kali  br.;    Kali  c*:     Lach.;    MorpbH;     Nux  v., 

Phos.;    Phoii.  hydr  :    Spig.;    Staph.;    Sirydi.;    Sul 

HyperiensltlvenesSf  to  oold  air,  drafts— A jgar.;    Am 


Sabad. 
Aeon.; 


Q96  REPERTORY 

mon.;     Bad.;     Bar.  c;     Bor.;     CaU.   c;    Camph.; 
Cinch.;    Cittus;    Con.;    Cupr.  m.;    Graph.;    Hep.: 
Kalic;    Kali  m.;    Merc;    Nat.  m. ;     Nuxv.;    Ptor: 
Rhtis  t.;    Rumex;    Sil.;    Tub. 
Hypersentitiye,    to   least  pain — Aeon.;     Arn.;    Aur. 
mur. ;    Cact.;    Cham.;   Cinch.;    Coff.;    Colch.;   HeP-i 
Hyper.;      Ign.;      Kali    p.;      Latrod.;      Meli.;    Mez.: 
Morph.;    Mosch.;    Nux  m.;     Nux  v.;    Zinc.  val. 
Nervousness,     tremulousness — Arn.;       Caid.;     Cim 
Strych.;    Sul.  ac. 
NEURASTHENIA— Nervous  Prostration:    Bemedles  in 
general:    Agn. ;    Anac;    Asaf.;    Asar. ;    Avena;    Calc. 
p.;    Can.  ind.;    Cinch.;    Cobalt.;    Coca;    Cur.;    Fluor, 
ac;    Gels.;    Graph.;    Helon.;    Hyper.;    Ign.;     Kali  p: 
Lach.;      Lob.    purp.;      Mosch.;      Nat.    m.;      Nux  r , 
Onosm.;    Ox.  ac;    Phos.  ac;    Phos.;    Physost.;    Pier 
ac;    Pip.  m.;    Plumb.;    Scwtel.;    Sil.;    Staph.;    Stryck. 
p.;    Tar.   h.;     Tub.;     Turnera;     Zinc   p.;    Zinc  pier. 
See  Adynamia. 
Cerebral  symptoms,  unable  to  apply  mind — Aur. ;  Calc. 
c;     Gels.;      Kali  p.;     Nux  v.;      Phos.   ac;     Phos.; 
Pier,  ac;    Scutel.      See  Brain  Fag  (Mind). 
Gastric  form — Anac;    Gent.;    Strych.  p. 
Hypochondriacal  tendency — Aur.;    Kali  br.;    Nat.  m.: 

Sul. 
In    females — Ars.;      Aur.;      Calc.     c;      Cinch.;      Cocc: 
Epipheg.;    Ferr.;    Helen.;    Hyos.;    Ign.;    lod.;    Kali 
p.;     Lach.;     Lye;     Mag.   c;     Mag.    p.;     Phos.  ac; 
Picr.ac;    Puis.;    Sep.;    Sil.;    Sul. 
Insomnia — Ambra;       Ars.;       Aur.;       Cim.;      CoflF.     See 

Sleep. 
Sexual   orlgm — Agn.;     Cinch.;     Gels.;     Graph.;     Lye 
Nux    v.;     Onosm.;      Phos.    ac;      Phos.;      Pier,  ac: 
Plat.;    Selen.;    Sep.;    Staph.;    Turnera;    Zinc,  pier 
See  Female  Sexual  System. 
NEUROSES— Of  Children:   Passifl. 

Neuroses  of  professional  men — Gels. 
TREMORS— Twltchlngs,  trembling:  .Absinth.;  .\gar. 
Agaricin;  .Ant.t.;  Apis;  Arg.  n.;  Camph.;  Can. ind.; 
Caust.;  Cint.;  Cinch.;  Cocc;  Ferr.  p.;  Gels.;  Hyos.. 
Hyosc.  hydrobr.;  Ign.;  lod.;  Med.;  Mercs.;  Morph. 
Mosch.;  Nuxv.;  Oxytr.;  Phos.;  Plumb.;  Rhus  t  , 
Stram.;  Veratrin;  Zinc,  m.;  Zinc.  p. 
Alcoholic — AnX.i.',    Cocaine;    Cocc;     Nuxv. 


NERVOUS    SYSTEM  997 

Dliiemlnftteil  i el t roils— Ace t,  ac:     Ars.;     Hyo^e.   ky 

dfohry 
Senlle^Can.  ind.;    Cooaine:     PHum. 
KEBVES^    yEUBms  — iTTflftimnatf on  of;    AcQn.;    M&^., 
Ananth.;     Am    n.;     Arii.;     Ars.;     Ball;    Bellis:    Sonz> 
din.;    Berb.  v.;    Catbon^s,:    Cayst.;    Ctd,;   Cepa;  Giro; 
Fern  P-;     Geb.;     Hyp*r.:     Merc;     Nust  v.;    Pareira; 
PhoB.  ac;     Plvmb.;    Plumbs  phns.;    Rhus  t,:    Sang.; 
5fa«w  ;    Strycb*;    ThaiL;    Zinc.  p. 
TYPE— Aloohollc:    Kmtl  v.:    Strych, 
Dlph  Uierl  tit— GsIb  , 
01  anterior  crui-al— Pai^ira. 
01  oircumJlci— Sang. 
Of  l«iser  scttitlc — .flee, 
01  lumbo-sacfal  plemi— Berb.  v. 
01  upper  doffial  rootB— Ananth. 
Muitlple— Monih 

Traumatic — Arn/.    CaUnd,;    Hyptr. 
In Jurle i  ol  aeivea  -  C tpa  ■    Hyper.:    P li o^   ac . 
NEXJBAliQIA  -7a1n  III;   Eemedlfst  In  general :   Acot.  an. ; 
A€t}».;    Auar,;    Am.  pier.;     Am.  val.'    Arayl;    Arg^.  n.. 
Am.;     Art,;     Bill;     Bry.;     Cajiip, ;     Cham.;     Chwl] 
Chin.    antKl     Chin,    x.;     Ctd.;     Cim.;     Cinch,;     Coff,; 
Co/.;     Cornus    fl. ;     DioBc;      Gth,;     Gloo^:      Gnaph.; 
Hyper,;    l^n,\    KaHbich.;    Kali  Ferri  cy. ,    Kaliiod.; 
K^L;    Mag.  p.;    Menyanth.;    Men.:    Morph.;    Nat.  m,; 
Nkcol,  s.;     Ox.   ac;     Paris;      Phot,;     Phyt.;     Plant.. 
Fvh.;    Ran.b,;    Rhod.;   Spig.;   Stann.;   Staph.;    Sui.; 
S^mb. I    Thuya:     Ver.  a.;     V^rbatc.;    Xanth.;    Zinc, 
p, ;    Einc.  V. 
CAUSE  AND  TYPE  -Anemia :    Art.;   Ci  n  ch . ;    Ftrr. ;    K«l  1 
lerrocy. 
GhrcmlO   oasei,   or  later  Ufe^/lrjr.,     Kreos.;     Phs*.; 

Sul.;    Thuya. 
Ooutt  rtieumatlini- Cim,^     Cokk>;    CpI.;     Rk^,;    Sul 
KUlnrla  -Ar&ti.:    Ars,:    Ctd.;    Chin,  i.;    Cinch.;    Meny- 
ant}].;    Hat.  m.:     Niccoi.  s, 

BeotJilorlglnrQe  curtlns  in  y  oun^  —a  con-   BtU,;  Co].: 

Ceii.;    KaL;    Spig. 
Sypbllli—  Kijli  iod-;    Mcj. 
Traumatic*  M  amputated  limbi— Am,  m. ;    Arn.;   Ctp*i , 

Hyper.;    KaL;     Phi^n.  ac;   Symphyt, 
Moi  ter  a/ler — Met .;    M  o  r  ph , 
I^OCATION—Bnchi^  Plexui.  oemefl->^T^^'bLV%\ .    Pit 


ggS  REPERTORY 

Bry.;    Cham.;    Corn,  li.;    Hyper.;     /Ca/.;-  Mefc;   Nux 
v.;    Paris;    Rhui  t.;    Sul.;     Vsr.  a. 
Ciliary — Cim.;     Gels.;      Spig.     See    Ciliary    Neuralgia 

(Eye). 
Crural  anterior— Coff. ;     Col.;     Gnaph.;    Limul.;    Nat 

ars.;    Oenanthe;    Solan,  lye;    Staph.;  XatUh. 
Infra-orbital— i4rg.    n.;     Mez.;     Nux    v.;     Phos.     See 

Trifacial. 
Intercostal — Aeon.;     Aran.;      Am.;     Ars.;      Ars.   iod.; 
Asclep.   t.;     Aster.;     Bell.;     Brom.;     Bry.;     Ck$l, 
Cim.;    Gaulth.;     Mag',   p.;     Mez.;     Morph.;     Paris; 
Ran.  b.;    Samb. 
Lumbo-alMlomlnal — Aran. ;    Col, 
SCIATICA — Acet.   an.;    Aeon.;     Ant.    m.;     Apoc. ;     Am.: 
Ars.;     Ars.   s.    r.;     Bell.;    Bry.;    Caps.;     Carbon  s.; 
Cham.;     Cinch.;     C(^.;     Cotyled.;     Diosc;      Gaulth.: 
Gnaph.;      Ign.;      Indigo;      Iris;       Kali    iod.;   -  Lye: 
Mag.    p.;     Nat.  s.;     Phos.;     Plumb.;     Rhu9  t.;    Ran. 
b.;     Ruta;    Sal.  ac;    Sul.;    Sul.  rub.;    Syph.;  Tercb.; 
Val.;    Vcr.  a..;  Viscum  alb.;    Xanth. 
Acute  cases — Aeon.;    Cham.;    Col.;    Ign. 
Chronic  cases — Ars.;    Lye;    Phos.;     Plumb,;    Sul. 
Rheumatic — Aeon.;    Bry.;    Guaiac;    Rhus  t. 
Syphilitic — Kali  iod.;    Merc,  c;    Phyt. 
Spermatic   cord — Clem.;  CoL;    01.  an.;  Ox.   ac.    See  Male 

Sexual  System. 
Spine — Paris.     See  Spine. 

Supra -orbital — Arg.    n.;      Chel.;      Chin,    s.;      Kali   bich.: 
Morph.;     Nux  v.;    Ran.   b.;     Spig.;     Stann.;    Tongo 
See  Prosopalgia  (Face). 
Teeth— Mez.;    Plant.      See  Odontalgia  (Teeth). 
Trifacial — Aeon.;    Amyl;    Aran.;    Arg.  n.;    Ars.;    Arundo: 
Col.;  Ferr.;   Gels.;   Glon.;   Kal.;   Mag.  p.;  Merc;  Bell: 
Cact.;    Cham.;    Chel.;    Cinch.;     Mez.;    Nat.  s.;    Puis.: 
Sabal.;  Spig.;  Ver.  a.;  Verbase.    See  Prosopalgia  (Face' 
Ulnar— Hyper.;    Kal.;    Rhus  t. 
TYPE  OF  PAIN— Bruised:   Apis;   Corn.  fl. 

Burning — Anthrac;    Apis;     Ars.;    Caps.;    Sal.  ac. 
Cramp-like,   constrictive — Caul.;     Cim.;     Col.;    Cupr 

m.;    Iris;    Mag.  p.;     Plat.;    Stann.;      Verbase. 
Drawing— C/tam.;     Col.;      Phos.;     Puis.;    Stann.;    Sul: 

Verbase.      See  Tearing. 
Intermittent— ylr*.;     Cinch.;     Col.;     Cupr.    m.:     /g« 
Mag.  p.;    Spig.     ^ee  l?ftT\odical. 


T^nrtnatAng,  el  eo  trl  o  iho  ok  Itka  —  Bell. ,    C a  ixs  t .  ^   Ci  m. : 
Daphne;     A/ag.   i».;     SmL    bc;      Ver.   a.:      r*r&a*if.; 

Looailxed,  In  spoti — Ox.  tic. 

Onset  srodiml,   ceftsatl^n  gradual — ArK.    n.L    ^i^japi.. 

Ver.  a 
Ontet   nidden,    eeiiation   tudden— iB^tfl^^     Carb.    nc: 

Chromac;    Kali  bich.^    Ma^,  f»,;    OiH^^p.;    Ox^tr. 
FerJoiilo»l— .4fdw..-    An.:    Cfd^:    Chin,  a,;    Chrom-  »c 

Kali  bich.;     Ukcoi.  t.;    Ox.  ae.:     Sah  ac, ■     Spit' 

Sul. 
PlUClllC«— Anac 
Severe,  drlvai  hln  fniitlG~^fi>ft,;     Arg.    n,;     B«|/.. 

Cham,;   Carb  ac*;,    CoL:    Kntm.;    Morph,;    Ox.  ftc  : 

Spig. 
TeAiins,  dilftliic,  dmTtliv«  ■bootliig— ^sc;     Arg.  tu; 

B*iL;    Canst.;    Cimm,:    Cot,:    Uioac:    Gels.-    Irii.: 

Kal.;     .\fag.  p.:     Mea.;     Pflraf.:    Phofe.;     S^iff- 

TeuiDK,  iihootliig,  along  tractip  of  larg«  nerrei — Gsl&. 
TeariBg,  ihoottog,  to  «heBt,  trunk— Com.  rt 
r«artn£p  ihootliig,  e^tremitl^fi  — PalL 
Tearing;  sliootlng^  to  face,  sliouldera,  pami  -  Anmdo. 
Tearing;,  shooting,  upwards   -Kal, 
GONCOM^  ANTS   -Arms  I  eel   cold,   tWOUen,  paralyiMl^ 
Ven  a. 
Baglnnln^,  in  pneumogaitrlc  nerve  dliofderi^Arn 
OOldneii — Ars.i    Minyanth,;    Spig*:    Yer.  a, 
Eruotationf,  gaiirie  tymptoaii— Ver.  a.;    Verbaai?. 
Face  pale,  reitletmeti,  iweat — Spig. 
Face  red— Aeon.;     BeU.:    Clmm.:    Verbasc, 
Fainting  sudden  -  Mnrph. 

Heat  of  one  part,  coldness  of  otlier — Pimenta. 
La  ch  ry ma  tlon   -  C  h  qI  , ;     P  ult .:    R  h  us  t . 
Mus oularcDntraetion^  spannodl e  —  EtUr,  Gb\6.\  M a g .  p . 
Nerrous  agitation— A rt^M,,     Am.    val,;     Cham.:    Coff.; 

GcIsh-,    Mag,  p,:  Spiff. 
Numbnefs — Aeon.;      Caust.p      Cham.;     CoL;      Gnapk.; 

Graph.;       Kal.;     Led.:     Lith.    cr,      Fht.;      Rhnt   t  ; 

Skin,  feelB  plnohed — Sul.  ac.  ' 

Wealoie&E — -4fji,;    Cinth  ;     OeJs.;     Kat.^      Vtr.  n. 
MODAOTtES— AOOEATATIOK:      Cold:      .^f*  BeU.; 

Caps.  Mag.  p  :    Rhuft  t. 
BxmrUontmmitMl — KaL 


lOOO  REPERTORY 

Jar,  coneustion— Btfl/.;   Caps.;    Spig.;    TeUur. 

Left    side — Aeon.;      Ars.;     Caust.;      CoL;     Iris;     Kali 

bich.;    Mez.;    Morph.;    Rhtis  t. ;    Spig.;    Sumb. 
Lying,   on   affected   side — Kali   iod. 
Morning,  9  AJff.-4  PJfl.— Verbasc. 
Motion — Coflf.;    Spig.;    Verbasc. 
Night— i4r«.;     Bell.;     Chant.;    Coff.;      Kali  iod.;    Mag. 

p.;    Rhtis  t.;    Ruta;    Sal.  ac;    Syph.;    Tellur. 
Best,  sitting— Am.  m.;    Ars. 
Bight  Side— BW/.*    Chel.;    Diosc;   Kal.;    Lye;   Mag.  p.; 

Morph  ;    Puis.;    Ran.  b.;    Sul.  ac;    Tellur. 
Standing,  resting  foot,  on  floor— Bell. ;   Val. 
Talking,  sneezing,  change  of  temperature — Verbasc. 
Touch— BWi.;    Cinch.;    Col.;    Nux  v.;    Plumb.;    Spig. 
Warmth— Cham.;     Puis.;    Xanth. 
AMELIOBATION— Bending  backward:  Diosc. 
Bending  forward — Col. 
Cold— Ars.;    Puis. 
Daybreak — Syph. 

Flexing  thigh,  on  abdomen — Onaph. 
Lying  still,  rest— Am.  m.;    Diosc;    Kreos.;    Mag.  p. 
Motion,  walking — Am.  m.;     Ars.;     Diosc;    Ign.;    Kali 

bich.;    Ox,  ac;    Val. 
Pressure — Bell.;     Coff.;     Col.;     Mag.    p.;     Menyanth.: 

Spig. 
Warmth— Col.;    Mag.  p.;    Morph.;    Phos. 
SPINAL     COBD— Anemia    of:      Agar.;       Plumb.;      Sec: 
Strych.  p. 
Burning  of — Alum.;    Ars.;    Gels.;    Guaco;    Kalic;   Kali 

ferrocy.;     Nux    v.;     Phos.    ac;      Phos.;     Physost.; 

Pier,  ac;    Strych.  p.;    Zinc.  m. 
Coldness  Of — Cim.;    Strych. 
Concussion  of — Arn. ;    Hyper. 
Congestion  Of — Absinth.;    Aeon.;    Gels.;    Hyper.;    .\'ux 

v.;    Onosm.;    Sec;    Strych.;    Ver.  v. 
Degenerations  of  (softening,  sclerosis,  etc.) — Alum.: 

Arg.    n.;      Aur. ;      Aur.    mur.;      Bar.     raur.;     Naja, 

Phos.;    Physost.;     Pier,  ac ;     Plumb,  iod.;    Plumb 

m.;    Zinc.      See  Locomotor  Ataxia. 
Lateral  sclerosis — Arg.  n.;    Cupr.;    Hyper. 
Multiple    Sclerosis — Arg.    n.;     Aur.;     Bar.    c;     Cak  : 

Grot.;  Caust.;  Gels.;  Lathyr.;  Lye;  Nux  v.;   Phoi.; 

Physost.;    Plumb.;    Sil.;    Sul.;    Tar.  h.;    Thuya. 
Hyperesthesia  of— Abrot.;    Aeon.;     Agar.;    Apis;    Arg 


XBRVO0S  arstEM 


n . ;    Art.  i    BriL  c    B  ry, ;    Chin  .or*.;    Ch  in .  « , ;    C4m. , 
I#«c1i.t    L»c  t.;    Lob.  infl.:    IgH.;    Med.;     Mesisp.; 
Nftt.    m.;     Ox.   at,;     Pbos,   ac:     J=*Ao*.r     Phynost,: 
I  Pod.;    Ra^Ti.  b  :    Rhust.;    Senec  jap  ;    SU.:   Siryck  . 

p  ;     Sul,.     Tar    k.:     Teltnr  ,     Th*r,;     Viscum   alK; 

Hlyperectlieili.,  between  v«rlebne— Ther- 
^ypereitliesla^  mlddorial — Strydh.  p, 
Byper«Bihe»lit,  E«.CTal — Lob,  infl. 
MEWINQITia — Inflmmmatlon   of:     Aeon.,      BtiL;     Bry- 

Kali  iod.;    Merc,  c  ;    Nftt.s,;    V«ir.  v.      See  Myelitis. 

MTELIT IS  —  bllUimtm tlon  Of :    Aeen.:   Ar n . :    Art.:    BtU . . 

DelHs:       Dry  ,       Cic  ;      Dulc.t      Hyper.;       Kali     iod.; 

Lathyr  ;     A/* ft.;     Nat.  s,\     A' hi  ik:     Ox    ac;     Pkotri 

Pier,  ac;   Plumb,  m..'  Rhus  t.\  S*c.;   Strych.;    Zinc.  p. 

Hyelltis^  diranlo—Ar*./    Ox.  ac;    Plumb,  m^;   Strych, 

imtatlon  Ot—Agar,;     Am  bra;     Afb.   nr,     €im.;     Gnaco; 

Ign.;      Kali    p.;      Naja;     Nat.     m.\      Nu3t   v.;     Plat.; 

Ran.    b.-     Stc;    SiL;    Sul.;      Tar.   k.:     TW(«r,;    Tub.; 

Zinc  m.      See  Hypereatbesia. 

LOCOMOTOR  ATAXIA     A|?ar,.     ^/ui^rtf;    Alum,  ehlon; 

.4J'«w.,      Am.    m.;      .'ifg.   H.;     Ars.;     Ars.   br.;     Atrop. ; 

Aur.  mur.;    BtlL;   Can.  iud.;    Carbov.-    Caust.:    Cofi- 

dur.;     Con.;     Dub.:      Frrr.   pier.;     Fluor,   ac;     Gels.; 

Hyofi.:     U"***      ^^^^  *^^'*     Lye;     Mag.  p,,     Merc,  c; 

iNit.    acn;      ATkj  x».;      Ox.    oc;      Phox.;     Phos.    hydr*; 

Pky*&*t.:     Pinr.   ac;     Picrot.;     PI u tub-    ni.;     Plumb, 

phos.;    Sec;    Sil.;    Stram.;     Strych.;    Thall.;    Zinc.  p. 

Enureilt — Eqnisct,;    Perr;  p.      &ee  Urinary  System. 

Fulsill-&tlllg    pM.)nM^ Acftan,;      Mac;      Agar,;      Alum.; 

\m.  m,,     Anfiwit.;     .4ri.,'     Ars.  iod,;     Airop,;    Bar. 

m.;     Beti  ;     Berb.  v,;     Fluor,  ac;    Gviaiac;    Hyofi.i 

Kai.;    Merc,  c;    Nit.  ac;    Nuxm,;    Nux  v.;    Phoa,; 

PkyaoML:     PiV>c;     Plumb,   lod.:     Plumb,   m.;    Se«?.^ 

Hil.;    Stronl    t.;    Thall.;    2inc,  p. 

Q&itric  vymptomi — Arg.  n.;    Carbu  v.;    Lye:     Nux  v. 

Muieular  weakneii*  anetheila  of  ikln*  uid  muioul&r 

ienie-  ran.  ind. 
Oeular  lymptomi — Ferr,  pipr.;    Phos.     See  Eye, 
Sexual  ^xcltemeal^Picc  ac. 
Syp^m^l^  c&s^B — A'iiittod,;    Merc,  c;    Sec. 
Ulcerof  tieel— Sil, 
Fitin    In      Abrcjt.;       Adon.     v.:       Atr.     «.;     Cas-V%     ^€v^^ 
Lavt      v.:      Lnb,    syph.;      Memsi;^.;       Ox,    aC  ;      ^a 


I003  REPERTORY 

Strych.;     Sec.:     Zinc.    m.      See    Backache  (Locomo- 
tor System). 

ParMtl — Irid.;  Plectranth.;  Plumb,  iod.:  Sec:  Stryck. 
See  Paralysis. 

TBTAirr — Aeon.;   Sec:   Solan,  n. 

TETAfiuv — Aeon.;  Amyl:  Angntt.;  Am.;  Calend.: 
Chloral;  Cic.;  Cocc;  Con.;  Cur.;  Gels.;  Hydroc 
ac;  Hyos.;  Hyp€f.:  Kali  br.;  Lyssin;  Nicot.;  S*% 
v.;  Oenanthe;  Op.;  Passifi.;  Physoa.;  Ph>-t.: 
Scorpio;  Stryck.;  Thebain.;  Upat.  See  Trimus 
(Pace). 

Of  ivlne— ^«c.;  Bar.  c;  Selen.;  SiL;  Stryck.; 
Zinc.   pier.     See    Back    (Locomotor    System). 


GENERALITIES 


ieain'i.i^*ii£i>^>ii) 


GENERALITIES 


JLBBCESB — Acute  1      Anantk.;      Apis;     Am,;    Ars,;     BffJ/,; 

iCalc,  hypoph^;    Cnh^  x.;    Calend.;    Carb.  ac;    Cincli^; 
Flnor,  ac;    Hepr^    Hippoa.;    Lach.;    Lapis  alb.;    l#yc, ; 
Afjirc;    *.;     Phos.    ac:     Sit.;     Syph.;     SuL;      Tar.    Th; 
Vespa. 
AtKtut  toones — Asaf  ;    /Iwr.,-    Calc.  fl.;    Calc.  p.;    Mang,; 

Puls.^    5ii. 
About  joints— sn. 
Chronic — Calc.   e.;     Ca/t;.   ii.;     Calc.    p,{     lod,;     lodof,: 

Kali  iod. ;    Merc,  i  r, ;     ,1/ #rCr  t,;    Ol.  },  w&. ;    SU. 
Fboab  jkbioess — Symphyt 
To  aljort  — Apis;     Dell:    Mwp.;     Merc.  s. 
To  hasten  iuppuration — Hep.;   LhcK,  ;    Mertr.  jt;    Phyt^; 
SiL 
.ABDJBON'S    DISEASE  — /4c/re ft. ,      ApDmorph.;      Arg.    n. ; 

(Art.:     Ars.    iod.;      Calc,    ars.;      Hydros    ac;      lod.; 
Kreos.;    N&t,  tti.;    Phos.;    SU:    Suparen.  cxI.;    T«&./ 
Vanad. 
.iLNEMIA— Ghlorosli:     Acet.  ac;     ^/ri.;     .^r^r-   it.,     Art.,- 
I  Ayr.    ar*,;     €ak.   c;     CaU.    />.;     Calop.:     Carbo    v.: 

I  Cinch.;     Crat.;     Cupr.   ars.^     Cupr,   m.;     CycL;     Fern 

^^^    ac;     Ffff.  ar#=;  Ferr,  et,  chin.;    Ferr.   m,;    Ferr,  mur.{ 
^^L  Ferr.  c»3t.;    Ffrr.  r*d.;    Graph.;   Nehn.;   Irid.;    KaKc; 
^^f  Manf,  ac;    Merc,  s.;     Nat.  m.;    PetfoL^    Phos.;    Pier. 
■"         ac;     Plumb,  ac.r     Ptth,;    Sep.;    SiL;    Strych.  ei  ftrr^ 
cit^;   Sul,;    Thyr. ;    Zinc,  m.;    Zmo.  mnr. 
From  e^rdlao  dl tease— Ats.;    Crat. 
From  grief —  Nat.  m.;    Phos,  ac. 
From roalarla — AlstoTi,;    Nat.  hi  ,    Ostrya. 
From  mens  trual  derangemen  ts — At%  . ;    Cak .  c . ;    Crst , ; 
Cyd.;    Graph.;    Kalit.;    MariR.  ac;    Nat.  m.T    Pah.; 
Sep, 
From  syphilis— Caiop. 

From  Tltal   dratni^    exbaustlns   die  ease  s^Acet,    ac: 
Alston,;     Catc.  p.;     Cinch.;     Kali  c;     Kali  p,]     Nat. 
m.-      Phot,  ac,;    Pboiu. 
Femlelous  anemia — Art.;     Phost.;    Pier,  ac  i    TV^^t. 


k. 


IOo6  REPERTORY 

ASPHYXIA— Sul.  hydr.;    Upas. 

Asyptayzla,  neonatorum — Ant.  t.;   Laur. 
BLOOD — Disorganization  of :    Ail.;    Anthrac;    Arn.;   Ars; 
Bapt.;     Carb.    ac;     Crot.;     Echin.;     Kreos.;     Lack.; 
Mur.  ac;    Phos.;    Psor.;    Pyr.;    Rhus  t.;    Tar.  c.     See 
Pyemia. 
BONES— Club-foot:    Nux  v.;    Phos.;    Strych. 
Condyles,  epiiihyses,  swollen— Conchiolin;    Rhus  t. 
Condyles,  sutures,  affected — Calc.  p. 
Cranial  bones,  thin,  toft— Calc.  p. 
Development,  tardy — Calc.  c;    Calc.  fl.;    Calc.  p.;   Sil. 
Enlargement  of —Pituit.  extr. ;    Thyr. 
Exostoses — Aur.;     Calc.   fl.;    Hekla;     Kali  bich.;    K»li 
iod.;    Lapis  alb.;    Malandr.;    Merc.  c. ;    Merc,  phos.; 
Merc,  s.;     Mez.;     Phos.;     Plumb,  ac;    Sil.;    Still.; 
Sul. 
Fractures,  shock  of — Aeon.;    Arn. 
Fractures,  Slow  union  of — Calc.     p.;      Calend.;      Iod.; 
Mang.  ac;    Mez.;   Phos.  ac;    Ruta;   Sil.;   Sympkyt.; 
Thyr. 
OSTEITIS — Inflammation   of:     Asaf.;     Aur.    iod.;     Aur.; 
Hekla;    Hep.;     Kali  iod.;    Merc,  s.;    Nit.  ac;    Phos.; 
Staph.;    Still. 
Osteitis  deformans — Chronic:   Aur.;  Calc  p.;   Nit.  ac. 
NECROSIS   OF — Angust.;     Ars.;     Asaf.;     Aur.    iod.;    Aur. 
m.;     Calc    c;    Calc.    fl.;    Calc.    p.;    Con.;     Fluor,  ac; 
Hekla;     Hep.;    Kali  bich.;    Kali  iod.;     Lach.;     Med.; 
Merc,   s.;     Mez.;      Nat.    sil.    fl.;    Nit.  ac;     Phos.  ac; 
Phos.;      Sil.;      Staph.;       Symphyt.;       Syph.;      Sul.; 
Thea;    Tub. 
Facial — Hep. 

Long  bones — Angust.;     Asaf.;     Fluor,  ac. 
Mastoid,  palatine,  cranial— Aur. 
Nasal — Aur.;    Kali  bich. 
Skull — Fluor,  ac. 
Sternum — Con. 

Tibiae — Lach.;    Nit.  ac;    Phos. 
Vertebrae,  inferior  maxilla— Phos. 
Nodes — Asaf.;      Aur.    mur.;     Cinnab.;     Fluor,    ac;      Kalt 
bich.;     Kali   iod.;     Mez.;      Nux    v.;     Sil.;     Still.      See 
Syphilis  (Male  Sexual  System). 
PAIN  IN — Agar.;    Angust.;     Asaf.;    Aur.  tn.;    Aur.  mur.; 
Castor  eq.;    .Caust.;     Eup.  i>eT^.;    'E.\x-^\vciT\i.\     Fluor. 
ac;      Hep.;     Iod.;      Ipec.\      KaU  bic\v.;     KaXi.    \o^.\ 


\ 


GENERALITIES  IOO7 

Ly&^in ,  Mane  ac  ;  Mercs,;  M«s,;  Pbos.  ac;  Phos.; 
Phyt.;  Rlwd.,  Rbiia  t.;  i^i4t(i:  Staph.,-  SuIk;  Sym- 
phyt.;   Syph. 

I  BunUng— Aiir.:     Euphorb.;     Fluor,  ac;     Kali  tod.;    Slil. 
;   Constricting,  hMXid-llkv—  A  pit:    Hep.;    Sul. 
i  Gnawing*  dlggins— .4iif.,     Kali  iod.:    Man^.  ae.;    Sym- 
J  pbyt. 

M   Growing — Guaiac,    ManR-  ac*;    Phos,  ac. 
In  coccfx — Castor  cq. 
In  l&oer  feel—  Aur. 

In  long  toonei— Staph.;    Strant..    Sypli. 
in  shin  bonei— Agar.;    Castor  eq.;     Mei. 
In  skull  "Kali  bich. 
Influenzal— E up.  perf, 

LocalUed  in  spots,  worse^  from  weather  cb«3ic»t— 
Rhod 
»         Nootumal— .4*^/./    Aur.;   PluoT.  ac;    Hep.;    lod.;    Kali 

Piod.;    Lach.;    AMang.  ac.;    Mtfc:    M^s.;    Plios.  ac-i: 
Phyt.;    Rhod.:    StilLi    Syph, 
Bore^bruUedt  achmg— £kp,  pffff.,'    Lyssin;    Ruta. 
ioret  hrulsed*  as  if  scraped— Iptc;    Paris;     P/tft*.  ut.,^ 

Rhus  {. 
iore.  brulsedr  worse,  from  cold*  wandering — Kali  bich. 
Tearing — Causi  ;    Fluor   ac 
^nirobblnfi  lerlctng.  dartlne*  drawing,  hTperseniltlve-' 

nest — Asar. 
Wor «  e,  from  damp  wea  ther  —  Merc;    Al  e  b  . ;    S  y p  h . 
P££IOSTITIS— And  Periosteal  Affections  I    Apis:    Ataf,; 
Aur.    rw.,*      Avr.    mttrr;     Gale*    cr,     Golcb>;      Guaiac; 
Hckla;    lod.;    Kaltbtch.;    Kaliiod.;    Matig.ac;   Mrrc. 
a.;     Mtfs.;    Phos.  ac. ;     PhoB-:     PhyU,*    Rhod.;     Hutu; 
Sars-;    5i7,;    Still. ;    bymphyt. 
Softening  of:   Mollltles  QMtlum—Cak.  i&d,:  lod.;  M&rc. 

¥.;    Phot, 
Spinal  bifldft—Bry.;    e:ak,  p.;    Psor.;    Tub. 
Spinal    carles    ^Fott*s    dlseaie>^Calc.    ied.;     Calc.    p.; 
lud.;       Kali     iod  ;       Merc      i.    r,;      PAii#.    of.;      Pk<f9.; 
Pyr.;    Sii.;    Still;    Syph. 
Spinal  currature — Calc.  c;    Cak.  ^.;   Ferr.  iort.;    Pbos.: 

Si].;    Sul.;    Thcr. 
Wotmds  Of— Rut  a:    Sytnyhyt. 
BUBONIC  FI*AOUE— Ant.  t.;     Art.;    Bapt.; 

Jf[n.-     LacJi.,     iVftja;      Phoss.;    ^\i\ii^  X, 
CAlTCEM—Mvmwn^M  lA  general;    ^t:«^t.  a.c: 


I 


lOOS  REPERTORY 

Apis.    Ar».;    Ars,  br.-     Ars.iod,;    Aattf.;    Aur.  m    n  : 
Bapt,;    BiBm.;   Calc.  c^;    Cak.iDd,;  CalCTnOX.!  Calends 
Carbo  an.;    Cic;    Cinnam.^     C^Kdur.;     Con.;     Form 
ac;    Formica;     GulHum  ap^;   Guaco;    Ham-:    Hoang 
n,\    Hydt.;    lod.T     Kality.;    Kaliiod.:    KtwoM.;    L&ch  : 
Lapk  alb. I    Phos,'    Phyt.'    Sang^.^    Stmperv.  *  ,'    Sep.; 
Sil.;    Sjrmphyt,;    Sul, ;     Thuya. 
CJUietr*  of  antrum— Aur.  J   Symphyt. 
Can c er,  af  bone  --  P h oa .  ^    S y m ph y t . 
Canoeri  or  breait— .4*/**".,    Bar.  iori^^    CarbQ  an.;   Con 
dur^;     Cifn,;     Porm,  ac;     Graph.;     Hydt.;     Phyt.: 
Plumb,  iod.:    Scirrhin.      See  Female  Sextial  System. 
Cancer,  Of  stomach— Ace t.  ac;    Ars..-    Bmm.;    Cend^f-; 
Form,     ac  :       Hydr.;      Kreos  :       Phos.;       Sec,      Sef 
Sto  much- 
Cancer*  of  uterus— .-4  wr.   m.  H.;     Lajiiii  alb.:    Sec.     See 

Female  Sexual  System. 

Cancer*    to   relieve   pains   ol— Alvekm,;     Apis;     .4m,, 

Bry  ;      Cak.    ac;     Calc.    c\ ;     Calt.    ox.;      Cinnam  ; 

Eupkorh.:    Morph.;    Op.;    Sil, 

CELLUIiAB  TIflSU£— Imlumted ^     AnihrQc;    Carbo  an.^ 

Katiiod.;    Krsw.;    Merc.;    Plumb,  tod-;    Rhutt.:  Sil 

OELLULITIS — Apia;     Arn.;     Ara.;     Bapt.i     Crot.i     La^hr, 

Merc.  i.  r.;     Rhun  t-;    Si5.;     Vespa. 
COMPLAINTS— In  general :    Al^use  of  alcotiolic  bersr- 
a^ei:     A^ar^i     Ars.;     Aur,;    Card,   m.;    Cocc;     Colch.; 
Eup.  perfrt    Lacli.;    Led,;    L&b.  infi,;     Nuxv,i    Querc 
r1.;       Ran.    b.;      Stryth.;        Vwr.     a.      See     AtcOhdliKRi 
(Nervous  System), 
Abuae  ol  cbloral  — Can.  ind, 
Abuse  of  chlorate  of  potaali-  JH  ydr. 
Abuse  of  cod  liver  oil—  Hep, 
Abuse  of  co^ee — Cltam,;    Gubt.,     -V«*  r 
Abuse  of  condlmGntB^Nux  v, 
Abuse  of  digitalis  —Nit.  ac 
Abuse  ol  dnigK  In  general — Aloe;  Hydr.,  A'ux  t-,;  Truer 
Abuse  of  ergot-  Solan,  v. 
Abu  se  of  Iodide  B  —  ^ep.;    H  y  dr.;    P  h  I >s . 
Abuse  of  Iron-  Tula, 
Abuse  of  I ead  i plumblsm )—  Alf*m.;  C a u» t . ;    Kal t    tad , , 

Op  :    Pi.>trnl.;     Plat.;     S^L  ac. 
Abuse  Of  Jaereunr—Angusi.;    Ant.t.;    Aur^;    Fluor,  ac. 
//if/».,      hiiii    iod.;     LclcV\.\    m^s-a,,     Nil.  act  W^ 
rrmr. ;    Pnd.;     K\\w^  r\.i    Sh^\    ^^^ 


I 


GENERALITIES 


toog 


AbUfto  Of  nareottci— Cs^n.  irid.;    Cham. 

Abuie  of  quinine— ^4r?;     EucaL;     Ferr.;     Iptc,,      Nat. 

m.;    Parih.;     PuU,:    Selen. 
AljUie  of  salt  (halopliA^a)^At«.;    Nil.  «p.  d.;    Phoa. 
Abus  e  0  f  B  try  chnln©  -Cur:    E  ucaL ;   K  ali  br, ;   Ph  j-s  os  i 
Abiwo  of  BUgar— Nat.  p. 
Abus e  of  tea  —  A b ies  n . ;     Cin ck.:     Diotc. ;     P e rr. ;    SrirH .  ; 

Thuya. 
Abuse  of  tobacco — Abies   n.;     Ars.-    Calad,;    Calc.   p, 

Camph.;     Chin,  are.;     Cinch.;     G*h.:    Ign.;     Ipve. 

Kal.^     Lye:     Ntix    v,:      Pft&t.;      Pfawr;     Plumb, 

Sep,;    Spig.t    Staph 
Abuse>  of  tobaccro,  In  boya— Arg.  n.^    Ars.^    Ver.  a. 
Abuse,  of  Teeetable  nLedlcln«i— Camph,:     Nhx  v. 
Antithetic  vapoti,  antidote  %^— Acwi  ocr  Am.  catist,: 

Amyl:     Hep.;     Phos. 
Bites,  of  inioctSi  snakei,  does— Acet.  ac;   Am.  caust.; 

Afithrac.;     Apis;    Am.;     /4r*,;    Calad.;    Crd.:   Crot.; 

Edhin.i    Golond.;     Grind.;    Guaco;    Gymtieii.:    Hy- 

flroc,    ac;      Hyptr,;      Kali    permn;      Lach^;      Ltd; 

Moach^;    Salaf^,-    Sisyr. ;    SpirEca. 

Gbarcoal  fiimei,  lUuinliiatliig  gai.  ill  ellecti*  from- 

Am.  c. ;    Am.;    Bov. 
Checked  dUcbafigeip  Ul  effect i  from 


Mei,;      Merc. 


-Asaf,; 
Fi&r.; 


Bar,  c, 
Sanic. 


ill    eOeot*    from — Cupr.;     5ii.; 


Gfaph.;     Lach 
5*7.,     Zine.   m. 

Checked  fool  sweat, 

Zinc,  m, 
Checked  sonorrho&a.  Ill   eflocts  from — Graph.:    Psor.; 

Mtd.;     Thuya. 
Checked  sweat,  HI  effects  from-    Aeon.;    nelUs. 
OhTonic  diseases,  to  he^ln  treatment  vith — Calc.  c. 

{.'ale.   p.;     Puis.;    5m/, 
Cicatrices,  attectlons  ot— Fluar    oc;     Hyptr.;     Phyt,  i 
Sil.;      Tkioiiinan. 

Cicatrices    freshen   up.    reopen  — ^'nHtf.,      Fhiur.    kc: 

Graph.;     Si\. 
GlcatHces  ltCh--Flucir.   ac. 
ClcatrloeSi  turn  red  or  blue — ^\i\.  ac 
Complain  ti)  appear,  a  typically — Mo»ch 
Complaints,  appear,  diagonally,     upper     left,     lower 

right  side  — Agar.;     Ant.t.;    Strain. 

Complaints  appear,  diagonally ^  up^et  tMe^^^  Vom^t  ^| 


to  I©  RBPBRTORY 

ccxmpl&tiitG  appsir*  from  ^boy^,     downwardB— Csct , 

Kai. 
complain ti  appear,  fTom  l>elow»  upw&rda — Led. 
Complaints  appear,  ^raduallF,  cease  gradually— Plai 

Complain tn  appear,  sradu&lly*  Gea.»e     auddenlar-^PuL^: 

SuL  tie. 
Complaint E  appear.  In  small  EiK>ts-   CufT.;    Ign,-    Kali 
bich.  -     Or.  dc. 

Gomplamti  appear^  suddenl^r*  eeaae  graduallr— Sut  ^i 
Qijanplalnta  appear  suddenly,   cease   sudd^ily — BtU 

Eui*.  perl.;    EuT'-fHirp.;    I^^n.:    Kali  liich  :    Mag  p . 

Pttrol.;    5trych. 
Compl&lntf,  from  exposure,  to  cold,  dry  winds — Aani 

Bry.:    Hep,;    Rhud. 

Oomplainti,  fromliYtne  in  cool,  damp  places— Ant  t 

Aran.,     Ars.;    Calc.  c,     Dulc*i     Nat.  &..     Rkui  t 
Oomplamts,  from  worklngi  In  play,  cold  water  -C>iU. 

Oomplamts,  Improve,  tben  rematn  stationary-  Cam  v., 

Psur.^    SuL 
Complalntir  in  fleshy  penoni— Allium  ^.:     Atn.   m.. 

Ant.c.-.    Blattaor.;    Culcc.^    CaiJS.;    Ferr-;    Graph., 

Kalibich       Kaiic:   Lob.  infl,;   Phyt.      See  Obesity 
Complalnti,    m   old   people— AU men;      Atitm.;     An. 

BiiT.    c;      Bar.    »j.;     Carbu    aiu;     Carbo    v.;     Con.. 

Fluor,  ac;    Hydr.;    Ipd.:    Lye;    Millef,;    Op.i  Set 

Kffr,  a, 
Complamts,  wander,  or  shltt  altout,  erratlo,  ehance- 

able — Apis:     Herb,   v.;     Ign.;     Kali  bich,.      KtUi  a.. 

Lac  c  ;  LiK  t.i  Mang.  ac;  Phyt.;  Pith.;  Sanjc;  Tah 
£ruptlons»  exanthemata,  suppressed,  or   repereusted 

ill    efleotft    from — Api^;     Ars.;      i^rv*,      Camph. 

Caust.^      Cic;     Cupr,;     Hisihh.;     Ma«*   «.;     Psot- 

Puls,;    Sul.L     T«fr.;    Zt?»r,  m. 
Foreign  bodies  In  larynx,  tTftchea-Aat.  t.:    ipce.;   Sat 
Qrowtb,  too  rapid.  111  eflects  from— CaJr,  c.;    Catc  f., 

Fcrr.  ac;    I  rid.;    Krcos,;     Phsf*  q^.;    Pfios, 
Mimng,  m  effects  from— Card,  m.;    Nat,  ara 
Moimtam  climbing,  ill  ^ects  from— Ars.;    Coca. 
NlEht  watchingt  mental   strain,    ill    effects   tnim- 

Caust.;     Cocc;     Ciflch.;     Cupr. ;     /g«.,'     Lac   A/.    Ntl 
ac;     Nup£  v.;    Zinc,  ac      See  Nenrastbenm  (J*«rT 

OUK  S>^tetnj. 


GENSRAHTIES 


^utrlMonal  diiturbAXLO«i,  development,  l^nly — Bac; 
Bar.  c.,-  Calc.  t.;  Gate,  p.;  Caust.^  Kreos.;  Lac 
d.;    Nat.  m.;    Pinufi  aylv.;    SiL;    Thyr. 

PoiiCDi  o&k,  Knd  rhui  poleotdne— v4m<i<^.;    Apb;    Afn.: 

Astnc.-      CrdJt.    ^.;     Cyprip.  ■      Erech.,      EiiphorK    d^; 

Graph.;    C7WMd.;    HydrophyL;    Led.;    Mfia.;    flast/.; 

Prim.  ob. ;    Rhw*  d,;    Rkujt  t.:   Sang,;    Urt.^    Verb.; 

Xtfopkyl.  -      i 

Ptomaine  poUoaln^  i^decayed  tood)  —  Ab*inik.^    Ai:et. 

at,;    ^-lr.iE.,'    Carboan.;    CarboVn;    Cepa;    Cupf^  afi.; 

Kreo&.'    Pyr.i     Urt,;      Wr,  a. 
Sewer  gas,  111  effecti  from— Anthrac:     Bnpi,;    Phyt,; 

Pyr. 
B\ixk  eatposure,  ill  efleetK  fmm:   Bunstroike^    (Cimp-de* 

Solell)  — Acoti, ;     /?WI.;    Caot.;     <J*iB.;     (JicM,;    Nat. 

c;     Op.:     Usae*;      Wr.  f.      See  Collapse  (Nervous  i 

System),  Modalities. 
Vaccination,  111  effects  from. — Aeon.;     Ant.  t.:    A^i^i 

Cr43t. :     Echin^:     Mahndr,;    Merc,  s.;     Mez.;    Sars.: 

Sep,:    SiL;    Sul.-     T/mj-'u. 
Vital  drains,  Ul  effects  from— Calc.  p. ;    Cinch.;    Ham.; 
Kal;  k.  Kali  p,;  NaL  lii,;  F^o*.  tie;  Pho^.;  Paor. 
DE&ENEBATION— Fatty:     Ars;    Aur.;    Cupr.:     Kali  c.f 

P/iis*.;    Van  ad. 
IiR0PSY-^.4i:#i.  ac;     Aeon.;     Arf£»*».  xi,,'    Amoiop.;     Api*/ 

bApQc;    Ar^.;   Ar^.  iod.;   Asclep,  s.:    Benz.  ac.;    #£di/d 
am.;     Brass.;     Bry.;     Calc.   ars.;     Calc.   c.;     Caf^eiuta; 
CafttHfa;   Card,  m.;    Cii^ck.;  Cochlear. ;  Coloh.;  Canv.; 
Cop*;    Ctat.;    Dig.;    Dulc;    Elat.;    Eup.  purp.;    Ferr.;  . 
HaUfb.;    Hep.;    lod.;    Iris  germ.;    Jatroplm;    Junip;  ^ 

*Kali  ac;  Kali  c;  Kaii  itfd.:  Lach.;  Lact.  \%;  Lia- 
irisi  Lye.-  Nsstxirt,;  Onisc;  Oxydfnd.;  Piloc;  Prun. 
&p.;  Psor. ;  Qvterc.;  Samb.  can.;  Samb.:  Scilla; 
Stroph.;     Tereb.;    Teucr  sc;    Urium;     Ur.  ac. 

tFrom  heart  dlfeiie—Adon.  V,;  Ars,;  Asclep.  a.;  Ars. 
iqd.;  Cai;i.;  Caff  sing;  Collins.-  Canv,;  CiraL; 
Dig.;  Digitalin;  lod.;  Strapk.  Sefc  Heart. 
FromlCldney dl«ea«e— Anielop, ;  Ant.t,;  Apii,-  Asclep. 
s,;  Big.;  Digital.;  E«p.  purp.;  Liatm;  Tereb,; 
Uric  ac.  See  Urinary  System* 
From  liver  diaeaie— .4pt>i?.r     Ars,;     Aur,;     Card,    ni.r 

Lye.      See  Liver  (Abdomen). 
From     spleen    disease — Otierc;      SciUa,     ^ee     Spleenj 
(Abdomen). 


I 


I 


I0  12  REPERTORY 

From    tearlet   fever — Aeon.;      Apf;     At:;     Colch.: 

H9lUh.:  Hep.;  Junip.;  Lach.;  Piloc;  Scilla;  Tereh. 
TttatL  luppretted  ennthemata — Apis ;    Helleb. ;   Zinc. 
From   luppretted  Inteimlttentt — Car  bo    v.;     Cinch.-. 

Ferr. 
Dropiy,  with  fhirtt — Acet.  ac;    Aeon.;    Apoe.;    Are. 
Dropgy,  without  thlrtt— Apis. 
LOCATION— Abdomen   (Atcitet):      Acet.   ac;     Adon.   v.. 
Apis;     Apoc;     Ars.;     Aur.    m.;     Aur.    m.   n.;     Blatta 
ant.;    Cahinea;    Cineh.;    Cop.;    Dig.;    Digital.;    Fluor, 
ac.;    Helleb.;    Laet.  v.;    Lye;    Nat.  chol.;    Oxydend.; 
Prun.  sp.;    Senec. 
Chett  (hydrothoraz) — Apis;    Apoc;     Are.;    Are.  iod.; 
Coleh.;      Dig.;      Kali    c;     Lact.     v.;      Merc,    sui; 
Seilla;    Sul.     See  Chest. 
General  (anaiarca)— Acet.  ac;    Aeon.;     iEth.;     Apis: 
Apoc;      Am.;      Ars.;      Cahinea;      Cinch.;      Conv.; 
Cop.;*Crat.;    Dig.;   Dulc;    Ferr.  m.;    HeUeb.;  Lye, 
Merc,    c;     Oxydend.;     Pier,    ac;     Prun.   sp.     See 
Dropsy. 
EFFUSIONS— Threatening:     Apis;     Bry.;    Cic;    Cinch.. 

Helleb.;    lodof.;    Op.;    Tub.;    Zinc 
GLANDERS — Aeon.;      Ars.;      Crot.;       Kali    hich.;     Lach.; 

Merc.  s. 
GLANDS — Aflectiont,  traumatic — Aster.;    Con. 
Atrophy  of — Iod. 

Induration  of — Alumen;  Ars.;  Ars.br.;  Aster.;  Bad.. 
Bar.  c;  Bar.  iod.;  Brom.;  Calc  chlor.;  Calc.  fl.; 
Carbo  an.;  Cistus;  Con.;  Dulc;  Graph.;  Hekla; 
led.;  Kali  iod.;  Lapis  alb.;  Merc.  i.  fl. ;  Merc,  i,  r.: 
Phyt.;     Rhust.;    Spong.;    Thyr. 

ADENITIS— Inflammation    of:     Acute:      Aeon.;     Ail. 

Alumen;     Ananth.;     Apis;     Bar.  iod.;     Bell.;    Clem.: 

Cistus;    Dulc;   Graph.;    Hep.;   Iod.;    Kali  iod.;    Merc. 

i.  r.;    Merc  s.;    Rhus  t.;    Sil.;    Sil.  mar. 

Chronic:      Glandular     swelUncrt — Aeon,     lye;      Ail., 

Alnus;    Ars.  br. ;     Ars.  iod.;    Arum  tr. ;     Aur.  mur.: 

Bad.;    Bar.  c;    Bar.  iod.;    Brom.;     Calc  c;    Calc. 

fl.;    Calc  iod.;   Calc  p.;    Calend.;    Carbo  an.;  Clem.; 

Cistus;    Con.;    Crot.;    Dulc;    Graph.;    Hep.;    Iod.; 

Kali  iod.;    Lach.;     Lapis  alb.;    Merc,  cy.;    Merc,  i. 

fl.;    Merci.r.;    Mercs.;    Nit.  ac;     Phyt.;    Rhust.; 

Rutnex;    Scirrhin.;    Scrophul.;    Sil.;    Spong.;    Sul.; 

Thiosinan.;    Thuya;   Tu\i. 


1 


GENERALITIES  IOI3 

LOCATION— Of  GlAiidular  AAectlon:  AzUUryr  Aeon, 
lye  .^  Aster.;  Bar.  c;  Carboan.;  Con:  Elaps;  Hep.: 
Jtigl,  r,-    Lad.  oc,    Nat,  s.;    Raph* 

tBrOSietllU— Bell.;    Calq.  t.^     Merc,  c;    Tub. 
lOerTlcal — Aeon.  \yc.;    Am,  c  ;     Astac. ;     Bar.  c;     Bar. 
iod.:     Bell.;    Brow.;    Calc.  chlar.i    Carbo  an,;    Cis- 
tus;     HekU;     Hep.;     Iod,;     Kali    m.;     Lapit  alb.; 
Mag.  p.;    Men:,  t,  ^.;    Merc.  *,  f.;    Rhu^i.;    Rhus  r.; 
SiL;    S^f^L 
togUlnil— Apis;    Aur.;     Bar.  c;    Bar.  m.;    BelL^     Cak. 
^^  L-.;     Carbo    an.i      Dulc:      Kali    lod,;      Merc,    i,     fl.; 

J^H  Merc,    s.;     Nit.  oc.,-    0<^cim.:    Pal1a.d,]     PinuKaylv. ; 

^V  Rhu^    t.^    Sil.:    Xerophyl. 

*        Heseitterli}— ^r0.;     Are,    iod.;     Bar.    c:     Bar.    mur,; 
Cak-  c;    Culc^  iod.;    Con.;    liid.;    Iod  of.;    Mvfc,  c; 
Mez.;    Tub.      See  Tabes  Mesenterica. 
PABOTITIB— Farotld :  tnflammfttlcm  of :  Mumpi :  .4  con . ; 

Am.  c*:    Anthrac;    Ant.  1. 1     Bar.  c. ;    Bar.  m.;     EtU.; 

Btom.;   Calc.  c, :    Carbo  an.;    Cham.;    Dulc;    Ferr.  p,; 

Hep.^      Kali  bkh.;     Mas-    p  :     Merc,   r.;     Merc,    cy.; 

Merc,  i,  r.;    Merc.  *.;    Pkyt.;    Piloc:     Puh.;    Rhus  t.; 

SiL;    Sul.;    Sul.  iod.;    Trifol.;    Trifol.  r. 
Seb&ceous  glands — Lye:    Psor. ;    Raph.     S^e  Skin. 
Bubin&zlUajy — Alnus;     Arum  tr,;     Asimina;     Bar.   r.; 
^^L  Brom.;    Calc.  c:    Cham,;  Clem.;  iod.;    Kali  bich.; 

^^^B  Kali  m.\    Mag,  p.;    Merc,  cy,;    Merc,  i-  r.;    Merc,  s^; 

^^  FinuEsylv.;     Rhus  t;    Staph-;    Trifol. ;    Trifol.  r. 

I       QOITBE — Thyroid  I    (BrondLOcele:    Am.   m.^    Aur.  sul.; 
I-  Bar.  iod.;    Bell.;     Brawi,;    Calc,  c;    Calc^  iod.;    Ferr. 

I  m.;    Fluor*  at%:     Fucva;    Glon.;    Mydr,;    Hydroc  AC; 

I  I^d.;    Icidothyr.:    frit;    Lapit  alb.;    Nat.  m.:    Phyt.: 

I  Spong.;    Tfjyr. 

m         ool  %t  t  exopth&ljnl  o  ( B  aiedow*  i  dl  i«fti« )  —  A  m  yl ;    At«  . ; 
^^^L  Ars.  iod.;     Aur.;     Bell.:     Brom.;     Cact.;    Calc.   c; 

^^V  Colch.;     Ephedra;      Ftrr.    m.;     Forr^    p.;     Fucus; 

^^^  Gli>n.;    Icid.;     Lyct^ft.;     Nat*  m.;     Piloc.;    Spart.  fi.; 

Spong. :     Tkyr, 
QBANtTLATIONS— Exubinnt:    Calend.;    Nit.  ac;     Sab,; 

Sii.:     Thuya.     See  Ulcers. 
QE£AS  E — la  htkr lei ;    Thuya. 

HEM OPB ILIA-  'imall  woiiiuit»  bifled  profiii«ty,  or  pro* 

tractdUy:    Ars.i    Bo  v.;    Cfot  ;    Num.;    Kreos.;    Lack; 

Merc:    Millef.     Nat.  tit.;     Pho»,;    Stc.;   T«t\i.  | 

^£MOJIJZHAO£i  — .  /4 f #1 .    ac;     Ac VivV\ea ;     Ac  oH . ;     K^wit^  , 


10I4  REPBRTOHY 

Anthrac;  Am.;  Bell.;  Bov.;  Cact.;  Canth.;  Carbo 
v.;  Cinch.;  Cinnam.;  Croc;  Crot.;  Dig.;  Erech.: 
Erig.;  Ferr.  m.;  Ferr.  p.;  Ficus;  Gall,  ac;  Gelatin. 
Geran.;  Ham.;  Hydrastin;  I  pec;  Kreos.;  Lach-i 
Meli.;  Millef.;  Mur.  ac;  Nat.  sU.;  Nit.  ac.;  Phot.; 
Puis.;  Sab.;  Sec;  Sul.  ac;  Sul.;  Tereb.;  Thlaspi: 
Tilia;  Trill.;  Ustil.;  Ver.  a.;  Xanth. 
Hemorrhage,  chnmic  eflectt  of — Stront. 
Hemorrhage,  from  traumatism — Am.;    Buphorb.  pil.; 

Ham.;     Millef. 
Blood,  bright  red — Aeon.;    Bell.;    Erech.;    Erig.;    Ferr. 
m.;    Ferr.  p.;  Ipec;  Led.;   Millef.;   Nit.  ac;  Phos.; 
Sab.;    Trill. 
Blood    clotted,   partly  fluid— Ferr.;      Puis.;     Rataqh.: 

Sah. 
Blood,  dark  clotted— Anthrac ;     Croc;    Crot.;     Elaps; 

Sul.  ac;   Tereb.;    Thlaspi. 
Blood,  decompotet  rapidly — Anthrac;     Crot.;    Lach.; 

Tereb. 
Non-coagulahle,  thin, dark— Cror;   Elaps;    Lack.;  Sec; 

Sul.  ac. 
Thin,  pale,  fluid— Ferr.;    Tilia. 
Venous,  dark,  clotted — Ham. 
HODGKIN'S  DISEASE— (Pseudo-leukemia) :    Aeon,  lye: 
Aeon.;     Ars.;     Ars.  iod.;     Bar.  iod.;     Calc.   fl.;     Ferr. 
pier.;    Iod.;    Kali  m.;    Nat.  m.;    Phos. 
INFLAMMATIONS— Abrot.;    Aeon.;    Agrost.;    Apis;   Arn.; 
Ars.;     Bell.;     Bry.;    Chel.;    Cinch.;     Ferr.  p.;    Hep.; 
Iod.;    Kalibich.;    Kali  c;    Kali  iod.;    Kali  m.;    Kali 
s.;     Nat.  nit.;    Spiranth.;    Sul.;     Ver.  v.;    Vib.  op. 
Inflammations,  passive— D»g.;    Gels.;    Puis.;    Sul. 
Inflammations,  surgical — Aeon.;    Anthrac;    Ars.;   Ars. 
iod.;  Bell.;  Hep.;  Iod.;  Merc  c;  Merc.  i.  r.;  Merc.  s. 
Myrost.  s.;    Rhus,  t.;  Sil.      See  Pyemia. 
Inflammations,    to  favor   absorption:     Ant.  t.  Apis.; 
Kali  Iod.;     Kali  m.;   Lye;   Phos.   Sul. 
INJURIES — (Traumatisms):     Acet.    ac;      Arn.;     Btllu: 
Bufo;     Calend.;      Cic;     Crot.    t.;     Euphras.;     Glon.; 
Ham.;     Hyper.;     Led.;     Mag.    c;      Millef.;      Nat.  s., 
Rhus  /.;     Ruta;    Stront.;    Sul.  ac;    Verb. 
Bruises,   COntUBlong— Acet.   ac;     Am.;     Bellis;     Con.: 
Ham.;     Hyper.;     \-«e4.\     RVvui  \.;     Ri*ta;     Sul.  ac: 
Symphyt.;     Verb. 
Bruises  of  breast— BeW^s,   Con 


GENERALITIES 


IQIJ 


I 


Bruliei  Of  t>one— /effjcj:   Symphyt, 

BmlBei  of  ejG-  .4rrt,;    Ham.;    Led 

Bruliet  Of  parti,  Hoh  in  i«nti€iat  nervea  — Hyper. 

Brulsds  with  persist  en  C6  of  eccliyinoEls-  Am.,    Led.;.^ 

Snl.  ac. 
BurHi,     iOaJdi — Acel.     ac:       Aeon.;       Ars^,       C  blende  I 

Camph.;    Canth.;    Carb.  at.;    Causi.;    Ham.;    Btp,, 
Kalibich.;    Kreos.;    Petro!.;    RhtJS  t,;      VH. 
BUTUB,  mi  to  heU,  m  111  elleots  from  -Causu 
Ciironlc  eflecta  ol  Inlurles  —  CtJH,,    Hiira,,    Led,;     AW.  ] 

a.,    Strom. 
M e»t*l  symptodiie,  from  tojurl eg — C i c . ;    Glo n.,    M a^ ,  ] 

c,     Nat.  s. 
Foit^peratlTe      dlBorder*— Apis;       Calend-;       Croc, 

By  per.;    Millef. ;    Staph. 
Froi  tratlon*  froEm  Injuries  -  -  .4  cei .  ac . ,     Ca  tnph . ;     H  y  - 

per,;    Sal.  ac. 
8tpr»43ll,  itralnt— Acet.  ac.;    Acvn.;    A«n.;    Am.;    Bell, 

Bdlis;      Calc,   c*     C&lend.;     Cyp&d    aw.;      Formica; 

•  Hyper.;    Millef.;    Nux  v.:    Rkuji  i;    Ruta,    Stront 

Sympkyl. 
WmmdS— Bleed  prof uidy :  Am.;  CroL:  Ham.;  Krcos 

Lack.,-    Millei.;     Phan.;    Sec. 
"Wounds,  bleed  profuiely,  afler  %  fall— 4r?i,;     Ham. 

MiHef. 
Wounds  blul sh,  dl soolor ed —  Lachr;    h y stii ji. 
Wounds  con  tus  ed  —  ;4  r  m  . .    S  y  m  p  h  y  t . 
Wounds   dUS acting,    post-morte3(Ei— .4Ml^ra£r.;     Apk; 

,4t*,;    Crot.;    Echin.;    Lach.;    Pyr.      See  Pyemia. 
Wound!  Inoi  sed — Ar  n . ;    €  ale  n  d. ;    Sia  pk.  ?- 

Wounds  lacerated— Calend.i    Hyptr.;    Sul.  ac;    Sym- 

phyt. 
Wounds  pun c tured — A p b ;    H  y  ^J er .  i    Ltd, ;    P }i aseol . 
L£UC 0 C YTHBMIA — 1> eu^ emla :    A r a n .  ^    .4  r .« . ,    Atb^  i^d.i  [ 
»  Bar*    iotl.;     Calc.    c. ;     Ceanwth.;      Ftrr,    pier,;     I  pec 

JB  I     Nat.  m.;    Nat.  a.;     Nvi^  v,,     P^Vf    tir^v,    Thuya,      Set?  j 
^r       Anemia- 

IieuC007thezni&p   splenic- -OaH^h^A.,     Nai    «.;     Qtiere.;^ 
Succin. 
LYMFHANQITIS^Anthrac. ;       '4#ta;      Art^.     iixl.;      SflJ.j 
Biifo;     Crot,;     Echin.;     Hippps.;     Lack,:    Me'rc.  u  r. l 
Mercs.;    Myg.;    Pyr.;     /?ftti*  r. 

Acei.  tic;    Ant.  ioil,^     .4fg.  n,;     Ar*.;     Kvfe.  \q,^ '<  ^^-^i^ 


lOl6  REFERTORY 

c;    Cftlc.  c;    Cak.  p.;    Calc.  iil.;    Carbo  an.:    Carb 

v.;      Caust.;      Ferr,    m^;      Fwrr     p.;     Hdonnn      Htp.. 

Hydr.;    /orf  ,'    Kali  p.\     Kreos.;    Led.:     Lye;  Mag*  ci 

Mtrc.  (.;    Merc,  e,:     Nat.  m.;    01.  j\  as,;    Op,;     Phof 

ac.i    PhoB.;    Plnmb.ac;    Plumb,  m^:    Ricin^:    RhiiSl,. 

Samb.;     5fl«iV.,'     5oft.;     Sec.i     Selen.r    Sit,;     Stann,. 

Sypk.;     Tereb.:       Thuya;      Tub.:      Uran.t       V^r     a., 

Zitic.  m 

AOected  parts,  &tTopti7—rawi^.;   Graph.;    Led, 

AtrophF  ot  clilldren— .4br£)*,;    Are.  fl-;    An.;    Am.  sti 

Bar.  c,;    Ca^c   .Ji7.,    lod.;     \^at.  m.;    01.  f.  as-;   Phcrtj 

5fiH«ir.,    Sar^.;    Sul.;     Tub. 

Atrophy,  af  face,  h*nd*,  thlglii— Selen. 

Att-0|lihy    of    legi-    -4ijrdr;      >!»«.     w.;      .4ffi      n.;      J  or! 

PinviEi  t;ylv..    Same:     Tub. 

TABES  MESENTEAICA— Atrophy  of  mesenteric  rl^ntii: 

Bapl.;    Calt^.  c;    Calc.  chlor.'    lod.:    Merc,  c;    Plumb 

SLfi  ,    Sacchar.  of. 

AtTOphy  Of  neck*  fl&bby*  loose  skin—  Nat.  m.;    Sanic. 

Sars. 
Atroptiy,  neck  iO  weaJt,  tin&bie  to  hold  II  up— Abroi  . 

-€t1i.:    Cak.  li. 
Atrophy,     progreiilTe»     mu s cul&r -—  H y per . ;        Phot.; 

Physosl.;  Piamb, 
Atropliy*  rapid— Plumb,  rn.:     Thuya. 
Atrophy*  rapid,  with  cold  sweat*  debtllly^Arif.;   Ttib 

IVf-  ft. 
Atrqphy»wlth  bullnil&  —  Ahrol.;      Ars .     iod . ;      Cal  c . 
Con,;    lod.;     Nat.  m.;    Sanic:    Tub. 

MUSCLES  — Innattun^tlffla  of:    (myoiltlt):    Arn.;    Bell: 

Bry.;     Hep.;    KaUiod.;     Mercs.;    Mtt.;     Rknt  t, 
Muicletp   pain  In   (myalsla) — Aeon.;     Ant.    t. ;     Arn,\ 
Atb.:    Bellis;    Bfy;    Cairet.t    dm.;    Cdkh.i    Oulc; 
Gels^;    MQCT&t.;   Morph.i    Rhmt.;   Stfazn.;   Strych.; 
Val.;  VcT.  V.  See  Rhc^imatism  (Locomotor  System V 
HUfeleii  p&ln  In,  orainp  like- -Choi est.:     Cim.;    Col.: 
Ctipf.   m.;    Op;     Plumb,  ac:     Sec;    ShL;     Syph.. 
Ver.  a. 
Muielei,  Boreneis,  fitlfXnesi  of^Angtist.;    Am.;    Bad.; 
Bapt.;    Bell.:    Bry,;   Cic;    Cupr.  ac;    Gwh.;    Hani.; 
Htlon.;     Jacar.L      Ma^noL;      Merc:      M|rr.;      Phyt.; 
Pyr.l    Rhus  t.;    Ruta. 
MuMclet,    twitching    ol— Agar.:     K\^\     Kt%.%     B«U., 
CatiKt.:     Cham,:     Cic.\     Ci-tv^:    Cit^b.'.     Cocc.    ^q^' 


i 


Croc;    C«pr  m,;   Fcrr.  red,;    Helleb.;    Hyas.;   Ign.; 
Lupul.;     Mez.;     Morph^;     Myg.;     Nttx  v,;    Pbos,; 
FlunibH     ac;      Puis,;      Sanion.:      Spie. ;      Stram.; 
Strych.;    Tar.  Ji.;    Ver,  v  ;    J?iW.  m,,-    Z\zm. 
Muiclei,    weftknesB,    debility    of-— Acet.    ac,;      Alet.T 
44J«mrn;    Amcaust.;    .4n^Y,,'    Arg.  n.;    Arn.;    Ara. ; 
Calc.    c;     Ccilch.;      0».;      <;W4  ;     HeUwb.;     Hep,; 
Hydr.;    Ign,;    Kali  c;     Kali  p. ^   Lob.  infl.;    Nuxv.; 
Phyaost.;     /^*cr    at,;     Plumbs    ac;     SiL;     Sirydt.. 
Tflb.^    Ver.  a.;      V^#r.  if.;    ZiW*  m.      S«c  Adynamia 
(Nervous  System). 
MYXEDEMA— Ars.;    Prim    ob,;    Tkyr. 
OBESITY— ^Adlpoils,    corpulence):     v4m.    br.;     Am.    c; 
Ant,   c;     Are.;     Cak.   arSr,-     Caic.   c;     Col.;     Fuc¥»: 
Graph.:      lodothyr. :      Kalt    br;      MafiR,    ac;       FhoM.; 
Phyt.;     Thyr.;    Tusail.  fr. 
0b«tity»  la  chlldJ-ett— j4nr  c;    Bar.  c;    Cfl/r.  r.;    Caps.; 
Ftrr,  tn.;    Kali  bich,;    Sacchar.  of. 
F  OLYCYTHEMIA— P  hoB. 

PROPHYJJIG7ICS--Olilh«t#r  fever:    Camph.  ac. 
Dlplitlierlt.— Apis  (jo). 
£iy ilp  ela,i — G  rap  b  (30). 
Quinsy — Bar.  e,  (30), 
Bcarlet  fever— Bell,  (30). 
Variola      Kality.;    Mfllandr.:    Variol- 
PYEMIAp    SEFTIOEHIA— Aeon,;      Anthrai.;      Apium    v.; 
Arn^;    An,;    Ars^  iod.t    Bapt.^    Bry.;    Calond.;    Ctirfr 
ac;    CAfH.  opi.;    Chin,  i.;    Ctot,;     AV/i*ii,;     Hippoz,; 
Lack.;    Merc  cy, ;    Merc,  a.;     Methyl,  bl,;    Mur.    ac; 
Nat.  sul.  carb.;    Pyr^;    Rhuf  L;    Sec;    SiL;    Ver.  a. 
EACBrrU— (BlOkeU) :    An.;    An>.  iod.;    Cc]/t.  c;    Cak. 
P-;    Ferr.p,;    Hekla;    Hep.;    Iod.;    Kali  iod.:    Merc.  ^.; 
Nil.    ac. ;      Phoa.    ac;      Ph&s,;     Pinus    sylv*;     Sanic ; 
Sil.;    Ther.;    Thuya;     Tub.      See  Sdrofuloiiis, 
MC^OTTJhQ%l%—jEtkiop»;       Alum,;       At^.:       Af».     iod; 
Ba  rytas ;      Calcanas;      C  a  ps .  ^      Car  bo     an , ;       CnuaL; 
Cifltus;      Clem^;      Con^;      Dtph«;       Dulc;      Fgrrvrnt, 
Graph.;    Helleb.;    Nep.;    Hytlr:    lodidwt;    KalibiCrb.; 
Lapia   alb.;     Mtfcurits;     Mcz.;     Nit.  ac;     OL    j;.  a3-. 
Pi-mti  syh\;   Paor/;    Sedum;   SiL;   Still.;   Swl.;  Ther. , 
Twi.,     Viola  tr. 
■CURVY— Acet    ac;    Agam;    Alnuii;    Af»^;    Bov,;     Ftrt. 
p.;    Galliun:)  ap,i    Ham,;     Mtrv.  *.;     Mur,  ac;     Pk-- 
Urium.  .    ♦ 


lOlH  RBPMRTOftY 

aENIlj£D£CAY  — Arg,  11.;    Ara-;    Bar.  c:  Can.  ind*;  C&n.; 

locL-    Lye. ;     Ooph&r,;    Phod, 
SENSATION,  Of  h\Xtnm^^Acan.:    Agar.;    Asrosi.;    Apis 
Art.:     Bell.;      CuM/Zt.;     Caps.;     Carbo    an,;      CqmH; 
Dorypk.:     Kreos.;     Ol,   an.!     PhuB.  ac;     Pkox.;     Pip, 
m  7    SaJig.;    Sec;    Sul, 
Setnuttoii    af,     conetrlQtloii  — .^na^.;      Asar.;      Cctrl,/ 
Caps;    Tjiri?    tjr,,    Col;    loci;    Mag.  p.;    Najb.^     Nit, 
uc;    Sec;    SuL 
Sens&tlon,  Of  nuzatnieis--.4c:DH,;    AKar.;   Ana.:    Caif.  f,, 
Ced.;     Cham.;    Cic,;     Cocaing;    Cod.;     Con.;     Iga,; 
Ox.  ac;     PJtu*.,'     Picil,;    Pl^rnib.;    Raph.;    Rhm  t4 
Sec:    Stann.  ^ 

imBatlon,     of    nunibn«SB,     at  tendinis    palni— .4i;0ii,, 
C/jom.,     KaL;     PUh.;     Khtts  I,;    Slann. 
TUMOaS^Aur.  m,  n.;    i^ar,  c.,     Bar,  iodn:    Bar.  m.:    Cak. 
ars.;    Cak.  c:    Caic.  /f.;    Cixius;    Col,;    Cob.*-    Eucfll,; 
Perr*    iod.;     Ferr,    pier.:     Porra.    ac;     GaLlium    ap.; 
(^f  a  |»;f , :    Htkta ;    H  y d  r .  i     Kali  br. ,-    K  al  i  io  d . ;   K  reoa .  T 
Lacb.^     Lapin  alb.;    Lye:    Malftndr.i     Mancin.;    Merc 
L  r.;    Nat.  siL;     Fhos.;     Plumb,  iod-;    Senip^rtKt,;    Sil; 
Thiosinan,;     Thuya;    Thyr. ;    Uric  ac      See  Cancer. 
Cystio — Apis:    Bar.  c;    Calc.  c;    Calc  a.i     lod.;     Kalt 

br,;    Staph,      See  KcaSp  {  Head) ;  Skifi. 
B (me -like,  pro tulicran c ei  -  Ta k .  ^  ;    H0kla;    Lt^pifi  ulhr. 
>laUndr.;    SiL  ^ 

Epithelial  — F err.  pier,      ^ee  Skin. 
Iplllli  -Cftlt:.  c;    Plumb,  at.;    Thuya. 
Erectile— Lye;   Pbos. 

Fllirota— Cfl/c.  io<i..-    Calc.  s.;    Hydrasi.  m.;     Aa/t  *>J  ; 

Lapin  alb.;  Sec;  SU,;  Thiostnan.:  Tbyr.  S«e  Uljens*. 

Fibroid^    hemorrlu^e    from — HydraH.     »»t.;      Thlaspi; 

Trill.;    Us  til. 
Fiingol<| — M&ncin,;    Phos.?    Thaya, 
Lipoma — Bar.    c;     Calc.    arK.;      Calc    c.i      Lapk    alb. 7 

Thuya ;    Uric  ac. 
Kodulitedt  of  toogue — QaHiiim  ap. 
Neuroma— Calerifj.;   Ctpa. 

Paplllomata— Ant.  c;    Nit,  ac;    Staph.;     Thuya. 
Polypi  — Cd^f.  r,;    Kfth  bfch.;     Kalis.;    Nit,  ao.;     Fhon  , 
Psor.;    Sang.;   Sang,  n.;   Ttfucr,;    Tkmya,     See  Nose^ 
Ear,  Uterae. 
SAFCOOel*-^ Merc.  \.  r       ^ee  M&1&  Stxual  System. 
V^sculmr  In  Ufetlim — Caiv,  * . ,    EwcaL 


MODALITIES 


MODALITIES 


AOOEAVATION'S- Acidly  from:    Anic.    Perr.  m  i    Merc. 

i  c:    Kvixv.:    Phos.L    5tf/i.      See  Stomach. 

Aitem0(m„    during— Alum.'      Am      m.;      BetL:     Cocc; 

Coccus:     Kali  bich.;    Kali  cy.;    Lob.  infl.;    Rh*t«  t^: 

Sep.;    Sil.;    Still;     Thuya;    Verbasc;     Xpropbyl. 
Afternoon  l^U,  durims—Aph;     Aran.;     Colch.;     CoL; 

Hellffb.;      Lya.;      Mag     p.:      Med.;      MeH.^      01 .    an.; 

Puis.;    Sabad.;    Zinc.      See  Evening, 

kAlr  eoldt  dr7»  ffOtH — Aeon.;  Alum-t  *4r#.;  -  Asar. ,  Aur, 
m.;  Bac;  ^ar.  c;  Bell.;  Bry.;  Cak.  c.;  Campk.; 
\  Car^s,;  Cauit.;  Cham.;  Cinck.;  Cistus;  Cur.: 
I  Kypborb.  d.;  //*p.;  Ign,;  Kali  c;  jVws  v.;  Rhad.: 
I  Rumex;    Selen.:     Sep.;    Sii.;    Spufig.;     Urt. ;     Viola 

od.;    Viscum  alb. 
Air  open*  in — Aeon,:    Benz.  ac;    Bry.;    Caps,;    Cham,; 
CruL;    Cycl.;    Epiph.;    Ign.;    Kal.;    Kreos.;    Linar.; 
Sfntga;    Solan,  lye;    Thea.     See  Air*  Cold. 
Aacer  from — Bry>;   Cham.;   Co!.;    I«n.;    Mux  v.;  Staph. 

See  EmRiions  (Mind)- 
Ascendtng  italrit  from— Am.  c;    An.;   Cact.;    Calc.c; 
Cans.;    Coca;   Glon.;    Kalic.;    Menyanthn;    Sponf^. 
Rattling,  from — Ant^  c,;    Calc.   c:     Formica;     Ntix   m.: 

/?/( (c.«  f . ,-    Sep. ;    Sui.      See  Water. 
Bedi  tujiilnff  In,  from — Con.;    Nwx  v.;    Pwls- 
Beer,  from — Bry  ;     KaH  bkh. 
Bendlnc  double,  from—DlDsc. 
Bending  forward  from — Bell^    KaL;    Mux  v. 
Biting  hArd*  from — Am.  c;    Verbasc. 
Breakfast,    after— Cham.;      Xax   v.;     Phas.;     Thuya; 

Zinc.  iTi .  See  KatinK. 
B  reakf ait«  bef or  e  -  C  rot: . 
Brlsbt  objects,  from^BelL;     c'u»(fe,,-    Coccinel.;     Lyt 

sin:    Stram. 
Bniitilnc  teetb,  from— Cut: c us:    Stapli, 
Cellbaejp  from — Con, 

Oottee,   from.— Aster.:     Can.    ind.:     Canth.;    Oarba   v,; 
!  Caust. ;     Cham.t     Ign  i      KaU  c;      Nwjc  v-;     \?*Q.t, 

I  Thiiy&. 


02  2  REPERTORY 

CoitUt,  after — Agar.;     Calad.;    Calc.  s.;     Cinch.;    Kali 

c;    Nux  v.;     Phos.  ac;    Phos.;    Selen.;    Sep. 
Cold,    from — Aeon.;     Agar.;      Alum.;     Am.    c;     An.; 

Bar.   c;     Bell.;     Bry.;     Calc.   c;     Camph.;    Caps.: 

Caust.;     Collins.;     Dulc;     Formica;      Hep.;    Ipn.; 

Kalic;    Kali  p.;    Kreos.;    Lach,;    Lob,  infl.;    Mag. 

p.;     Mez.;     Moech.;     Nit.  ac;     Nux  m.;     iV«x  v.; 

Ran.   b.;     Rhod.;     Rhus  t.;    Ruta;     Sabad.;    Sep.; 

Sil.;   Stront.;    Sul.  ac;    Tab.;    Xerophyl. 
Concussion,  from — Cic     See  Jar. 
Consolation,    from— Graph.;      Helleh.;     Ign.;     Lil.   t.; 

Nat.  m.;    Sabal;    Sep.;    Sil. 
Contact,  of  dothtoc,  about  neck,  from — Glon.;   Lack.; 

Sep.      See  Touch. 
Conversation,  from — Ambra;   Cocc;    Pkot.ac;  Stann 

See  Talking. 
Coughing,    from — Are.;      Cina;     Hyos.;      Phos.;     Sep.; 

Tellur.      See  Respiratory  System. 
Dampness,  from^i4 ran.;    Ars.  iod.;    Bar.  c;    Calc.  c; 

Calend.;   Carbo  v.;    Chimaph.;    Colch.;   Crot.;  Cur.. 

Dulc;    Elat.;     Kali  iod.;    Lemna;     Magnol.;    Mur. 

ac;      Nat.   s.;     Nux   m.;     Phyt.;     Rhod.;     Rhus  i.; 

Ruta;    Sil.;    Still.;    Sul. 
Dampness,  cold,  from — Am.  c;    Am.;    Aster.;    Calc.c; 

Calc.  p.;    Dulc;   Guaiac*    Mang.  ac;    Merc;  PhyX.. 

Rhust.;    Thuya;    Urt.;    Ver.  a. 
Dampness,  warm,  from — Carbo  v.;    Gels.;  Ham.;  Phos. 
Damp-living   houses,    from — Ant.    t.;      Aran.;     Ars.; 

Dulc;    Nat.  s.;    Tereb. 
Dark,  from — Ars.;    Calc.c;    Carbo  an.;    Phos.;    Stram. 

See  Emotions  (Mind). 
Defecation,  after — JEnc.     See  Stool  (Abdomen). 
Dentition,  during— .6 W/.;    Calc.  c;    Calc.  p.;    Chaw-; 

Kreos.;    Phyt.;     Pod.;    Rheum.      See  Teeth. 
Direction  diagonally — Agar.;    Bothrops. 
Direction  diagonally,  upper  left,  lower  right— Agar : 

Ant.  t.;    Stram. 
Direction  diagonally,  upper  right,  lower  left — Ambra; 

Brom. ;    Med.;    Phos.;    Sul.  ac 
Direction,    downwards — Bor.;      Cact.;      Kal.;      Lye: 

Sanic 
Direction,  outwards — Kalic;   Sul. 
Direction,  upwards— Benzin.;    Bup.  perf.;    Led. 
Eating,  from— Ab\es  x\.-,     .fflsc;    Agar.;     Aloe;    Ante: 


[ 


MULJALlTIBti 


io»J 


Are.  "  i     An,;     Bry.;    Calc,   q.\     Larbo  v,;    tJau&t,; 

Cina:     Ctneh.:    Cocq,;    Col.;    CdD.;     Croi.  t.;    Dig: 

Graph,:    Hyos,;    Ign.;    Ip^c.,-    Kali  bich,;     Katie: 

Kali  p.;    Kreos.;    Lach.;     Lye;    Ma^f,  tn.;    Nat.  m.: 

y«ar  t',;    Ol.  an.;    Petrol,:     Phoa.;     Puh.^    Rheum; 

Rumpx:    Bamb  ;    Sep.;    SiL ;    Staph.;    Strytli.;    Sti!,; 

Thca;    Zinc.  m.      Ste  Iticliwestion  (Stomach). 
Emotional  eioitement,  Irom— Aeon.;     Arg.  «.;    Aur.; 

Co b&lt , ;    CQff.;    C olch ,\    C olli na . ;    Col . ;    Con.;  C upr. 

ae.;    Geln.,    Hjtob.;    /g«..    Lyssin;    Nit,  Kp.  dn;     Nux 

V . ,     P  cl  rol , ;     I^  h  ns , ;    Sta  pk .      He  e  Mi  n  d . 
£rra.tic],  shifting,   conttantly    cbanffinffp  Kymptomi— 

Apis;    Berb.  v  ;    i^n,;    Kali  bich,;     Kali  st.;    La^c; 

Lil,  r,;     Mang.  ac;     Pbyt  ;     Ptils.;    Sapic.;     Tub. 
Eveinlngi  in — Aeon.;    Ambra;    Am.  br.;    Am,  m.r    Ant. 

t.;    Arn.;    BelL;    Bryr,    Caiap.;    Carba  vr,    Ca.vm%.: 

Cepti :     C ol c h . ;     C ro t. ;     Cycl. : .  O lofi c^ ;     Buphims , . 

Perr.  p.:    Helleb.;   Hyo*.;    Lye;    Kalii.;    Mere,  c: 

Merc;     Mea,;      Nit,    sc;      Ph^s.,^     Plat.;     Plumb.: 

FtiU.:     [iumex;     Ruta;     Sgp.;     Sil.;     Stann.;     Sul. 

ac^:    53?p/i,;    Tab.;    Vib,  op.;    Zinc  m 
Ey BR  closing,  from— Bry.i    Sep.;    Ther. 
Eyes  motion  of,  from — Bry.;    Mux  v.;    Spi^f. 
Eyes  opening  of«  Ircwn— Tub.  -^_ 

F&stlng,  tnaa. — Croc:.;    lud.  ^H 

Fats,  from — Carbo  w;    CyeL:    Kali  m.;     Puh  ^H 

Fish,  from— Nat.  f  :    Urt.  i^M 

Fo^,  from— Gels.;     Kypcr,      See  Dampness.  ^H 

Fright,  from — .4t43M,.'    ign.;    Qp.;    Vtr.  &. 
Frul tt  from  —  /I  rs.;    S  ry h  1    Cinch,  i    Col . ;    Sa  m h  ;    Vcr .  a 
Grief,   from— Aur^     (jelR.;     /««.;     Phsn,   ac<    Stapb,; 

Vcr.  a.      See  Emottoixs  (  Mind). 
Hair-cut^  from— Aeon. ;    BelL;   Glou. 
Head  un coverings  from. — BelL;    Sib     See  Air,  Cold, 
Hotilrlnkt,  Itoiti-  La.eh.:    Staon. 
Inspiration,    from     Aeon.;      Bry.:      Pbos.;      Run.    b.; 

SpiK.      See  Respiratory  Sya tern, 
Iatei'iiiltteiitly--Anac. :     Cinch.*    Strych,      Sap  Feriod- 

icab 
JftFt  from  — Ain.-     BfU;    Bry,:    Cic;    Hep.;    Ign. ;    Nux 

v.;    Spig.:    Ther. 
Laughing,   f»Om — Ars.    m.;      /ifj3J.,     Mai\){.    ac;      Pftaif  , 

Stann. ;     Tellur. 
LMundry  work^  from— Sep.  


10  24  REPERTORY 

Left  tide  on — Agar.;    Asaf.;    Aster.;     BgllU;    Ctanotk.; 

Cim.;     Colch.;     Cupr.    m.;     Brig.;     Lack.;    LU.  l: 

Ox.  ac;    Rumex;   Ther.;    Thuya. 
Light,   from — Aeon.;     Bell.;     Calc.    c;      Con.;     Colch.; 

Graph.;     Ign.;     Lyssin;      Nux   v.;      Phos.;     Spig.. 

Strain. 
Llquori,  from — Agar.;    Ant.  c;     Can.  ind.;    Carbo  v.; 

Cim.;     Lack.;     Led.;      Nux  v.;     Ran.   b.;     Strain. ; 

Sul.  ac;    Zinc.  m.     See  Alcoholism  (Nervous  Sys- 
tem). 
Localized  fpotf,  in— Coff.;     Ign.;     Kali   bich.;     Lil.  t. 

Ox.  ac. 
Looking    downward!,    from— Aeon.;       Kal.;     Oleand.: 

Spig.;    Sul. 
Looking  Intently,  at  objects,  from — Cina;   Croc. 
Looking  upward!,  from — Benzoin;   Calc.  c;    Puis.;  Sul 
Lower  half  of  body,  on— Bae.  t. 
Lying  down,  from — Ambra;    Ars.;    Arum;    Aur.;    Bell. 

Can.    €.;      Caust. ;      Con.;      Croc.;      Diosc;     Dros. 

Dulc.;      Glon.;      Hyos.;      Iberis;      Ipec.;      Kreos. 

Lack.;      Lye.;      Plat.;      Phos.;       Puh.;      Rhus    t. 

Rumex;    Ruta;    Samb. ;    Sil.;    Tarax. 
Lying  on  back,  from — Nux  v.;    Phos.;    Rhus  t. 
Lying  on  left  side,  from — Cact.;   Calad.;    Coccus;  Iber 

is;     Kalic;    Magnol.;    Nat.  s.;     Phos.;    Plat.;    Pttl, 

Puis.;    Spig. 
Lying  on  painful,  or  affected  side,  from — Aeon.;   Bar. 

c;    Calad.;    Hep.;    lad.;    Kali  c.;     Nux  m.;    Phos.; 

Ruta;    Sil.;    Tellur.;    Vib.  op. 
Lying  on  painless  side,  from — Bry.;  Cham. ;  Col. ;   Puh 
Lying  on  right  side,  from — Can.  ind.;    Mag.  m.;   Merc 

Rhus  t.;    Stann. 
Masturbation,  from — Calc.  c.;     Cinch.;    Con.;    Nux  \  : 

Phos.  ac;    Sep.;    Staph. 
Menses,  after — Alum.;    Bor.;    Graph.;    Kreos.;    Lilt; 

Nat.  m.;    Nux  v.;    Sep. 
Menses  at  beginning,  and  close,  of — Lach. 
Menses  before — Am.  c.;     Bov.;    Calc.  c;    Cocc;    Con. 

Cupr.    m.;     Gels.;     Lach.;     Lye.;     Mag.    m.;     Puis: 

Sep.;    Ver.  a.;    Zinc.  m. 
Menses,  during— Am.  c.;    Arg.  n.;    Bell.;    Bov.;    Cham: 

Cim.;     Con.;      Graph.;     Hyos.;      Kali  c;     Nux  i  . 

Puis.;    Sep.;    Sil.;    Sul.;      Vib.  op.      See  Menstrua- 
tion (FemaVe  Se-x-ual  System). 


MODALITIES 


I025 


Hon 


SiL 


Gton. ;     Jsn. : 
C-;     Magnol.; 


Mental  ez«rtiOlii  from — Anac;    Arg.  Kr:  Calc.  c;   Cim.: 

Cocc:     G*li,;    Ign.;     Plat,  c-    Nat.   m,;      Nnx  v.; 

Ph&t.,'    Phos*  Bc;    pier,  ac^;    &ep.;    Sit.      Sb«  Mind. 
Mldnlghti  alter^Apis;     ^r*.;     Drot.,-^    Ferr.  m.;     Jfaii' 

r;    Kali  n.;     iVva:  i',;    Phos.:    Pod.;    Rhust,;    SU.; 

Thuya, 
Midnight,  at — Aran.;     Ars. 
Mldnlfhtt  liofore — Arg.   n.;     Brom,:     Carbo   v.;     Coff.; 

Led.;    Lyci    Mtre,;    Nit.  bc:    Phos,;     P^ihr,    Ran 

s.K    jR/nij  ^r    Rumr%;    Spotty.-    Stann. 
Milk,  from— v£f/t.;   Calc.  c;    Carbsv,;   Cinch. 

Nit.  ac;    Sepr;    SuL 
Misdeed  of  athersr  from— Colch, ;   5^a/>^. 
Moon  fuU(  at- -Alum  ;    Calc.  c:    Graph.; 
Mcmnll&lit,  from — Ant,  €,;    Thuya. 
Moon  now,  at — Alum,;    Caust.;    Sf7- 
Morning,  In^Acal.:     .4w.   m.;    Arg.   n.^ 

Ca?£.   c;     Can.   ind.;     Croc;     Cfot.; 

Kali  bich.;     Lac   c:     Laeh.;     Lith. 

Med.;    Myg.;     Nat.  m.,-    NiccoL;    Nit.  ac:     Nuis  v,; 

Oncsm.;     Pkoi(,;    Phoa.  ac.    Puis.:    Rhus    t.;    Sep.; 

SiL;    Strych.;    Sul:    Verbasc 
MoniliiE,  early  (a-*  A.M.>— ^th.;    jSsc.;    Aiof;  Am.  q., 

Bac.;    CheL;    Cooeua;    Cur.;      Kati  hick.:     Kali  c. 

Kalicy.;    Kali  p.;     A'ttic  t?.;     P^d:    Ptel.;    Rume.v; 

5ul;    Thuya. 
Morning  {iO-11  A.M.)— Gelfi.^     Nat.  m.;    Sul. 
Motion,  from— ^:sr.;    Anhal,;    BeiL;    Berb,  ik^    Bis  in.; 
L  Bry.;  Cact.:   Cadm.  s.;   Calad.^   Camph,;   Ceanoth.; 

L  Citn.-    Cocc;     Colch.'    Cupr.   m.;     Farr.  p.;     GVI«.; 

^^1 '  Guaiac;  Helen.;  Iberit;  JurL  e.;  Kali  m.;  iCal.; 
^^b  Lac  c:  Ltd.;  Linar,;  Lob.  inrt.;  Meli.;  Afwfc; 
^^m  Mez.;     Nat.  m.;   Nuxm.;     Nnxv.;    Onosm.7    Pkyt.: 

^^^  Plumb.:  Ran.  b.;  Rheum;  Sab.f  San?.;  Sfc.; 
^r  Senega;    5iL;    Solan,  Iyer,    Sptg.;    Still.;    Stryeh.^ 

SuU;     Tdr.  /!.;    Thea;    Viscum  alb. 
Mountain  cllznlilne,  from — Ars . ;   Coca.     S  ee  As  ce  nding , 
UuslOp  irotn — Acqk.;    Am  bra;    Dir.;     Graph.:     Nat.  r-; 

Nu;^  v.;    Sep.;     Thuya . 
Kftrcotlcs.  from— 'Bell.:   Cham.;    Cof.;    Lach,;    Nustv. 
Nlfflit,  t^X  —  Acun.;    Arg.  n.;    Am* 5    An.;   Aater.:    Bac; 

Cajup.;    Camph.;     Caust,;     Cham.;    Cina;     Cineh.; 

Clem,;     Coff.;     Cotch.;     CommocL;     ("{?«.;     Dioac.^ 

DoliE^h.;      Diilc;       Ftrr.     m.;      Parr,     pa      &»,Tet\i^\ 


REPBRTOKY 


Graph, ,^  Gtiaiac, ;  Htp.;  Hyo*  ;  lod,;  Iriij  Kali 
ifld.,  Lach.;  Maiit-  nri-;  Merc,  c;  Mef<r^;  Mejt., 
Nit.  ac,i  Pftpt.;  Phyt.^  Plumb.;  PuU, ,  Rkii»  I: 
Rymex:  Sep.;  SiL;  SiU.;  Sypk,,^  TeUur>;  Th«a; 
Thuya;    Ver.  a,-    Vih.  op,;    Zinr,  m-     See  Bveflinji. 

KcjUe»  frM»— Aeon..  SfiL:  Brtr.;  Cham.,  Cinck  , 
Cocc;  Coff.:  Fern:  Glon  ;  IgH.;  Niix  m. ;  Nvx 
v.;    Onostn.;    Sulan.  lye;    Spig.;    Tar.  li,:    Tkgt. 

Faitry,  neh  !00d,  fr«a— Carbo  v.;    Kali  m,;     Pf*h 

Peach^B,  fJfCQXL — Glun. 

Perlodlcaily  — AUitn.;  ^row.,^  j4r*.,  Ars.  met.;  C<icl 
Carls.;  Cwd:  Cbrom,  ac.;  Cin€k.i  Cupn  m*;  /?iff 
ptrf^:  !gn.:  Ipec.  1  A^ai.  m  /  Niecol.i  Nit»  ac 
Sep.:    Sil,:    Sul.;     Urt. 

Periodically^  e^ery  Sweeki— Niccpl. 
PerlckUcally*  every  2-3  w^eka— Ars.  met, 
Fu1odleally«  every  2-4  weeks— Cads,:    Oat.  ac.    8«l 
PeHodleally,  every  3  weeks— Ara    met.,    Ma^.  c 
PeHotJlcaJly*  every  year— .4*'^,;       Carbo     v.;       Ldtlr., 

Niccu].;    SviL:     r/tJiT-j;    Uri. 
Plants,  growing  near  water*  from— Nat.  s. 
Potatoes,  from- Alum. 
P  r«  B  lure,  Irom — Aga  r. :    A  pii ;  B  a  r-  c  ;   Cak .  c. ;  eini . 

lisp.,      lod.:      Lack.;      Lyo,;      Merc,    c;      JVnJf    r.; 


Touch. 
Beitt  from— Aeon.;     Am.: 
fl.;    Caps,;    Commui-L. 
orb.;    Ferr,  m.;    Indigo 
c;     Menyanth.^      M^tc. 


p,:      Phyt,;      Sil. 


Tkwr.     Set- 


Afjf.;    Asaf.;    Aur.;    Calc 

Con,.    CycL:   Dttlc.;    Etiph 

;    trU;    Kriios.i    Wc;    Mag 

;     Puh.:    Rhod.;     leli«jf  f.. 

Sabad.;  Samb.;  Senega;  Sub;  Tar,  h,:  Tarax.;  Vab 

BltHngt  from — Afr,  m,;    Caust.;     €au.;    Lysain:    Nm 

m.;     Fittrci.;    SuinV.;    Then 
Bight   sldCr   cm — Agar.:     Anac:     An.-      Btli.;     Bry  , 


( 'd  H  a| . ;  Ch«h  ;  C  ro  t , ; 
bitti.  c. :  Lye;  Mag. 
Solan,  lye.;    Tar.  h, 

Eliing,  from- .4fp«,.    Am. 

Carbo  v.x    Voce;    Con.; 
v.:  Phos.:    Fkyt.;   P\Uit, 
Boom  heal«d»  from— Acoa. ; 
Brom.:      Bulo,      Ctpa^ 


Gur,;     DoUcK.; 
)(?.;      Merc.i      Pr>d 


Kali  (-: 


m.;      Helb;      &ry  .     Cap* 
DiiJ.;    Lach.;    Lye;     Nma 
RhasL,'  Sib;    Stria^V  SwK 
Alum.;    Apit^    Amtt*  #c 
Crat. ;     Croc.  *     E  uphras . ; 


f7it?H.;    Hyper,;    loir,    KitW  \o4.\    KaU  •.,   U\-  i 
Aferc.     PmI*.-    SaU.;   Nib.  np.     -^it?;  ^^tmvV. 


MODAttTIES  .  (Ot7 

Bcr*lclilli«,  from— AnAc.;   Are..   C*p&.;    D^dich.;  Merc. 

Uezr,    PuU.;    Rhus  %.:    Staph,,    Sul. 
Beasbore.  at — Aqhu  m..    Ars,;    Nat,  m,;     Xat.  a* 
Bitttii«»  from— Bry  i    Caps,-    Con.:    Cvd.,    Dip.;    Dole. 

Euphofb. :      Fern   m,;     Hydrocot. ;     Lyq.^     Indigo; 

Kali  c:     Nat.  c.^     Nux  v.;     Plat.i     Puk  ■      Rhuit  t,; 

Sep.;    Sul.^    Tarax,-    V^al. 
Sitting,  on  cold  lt«pi»  from^Chimaph. L    Nax  v. 
Sh^Tlngt  aft«r— Carbo  an.;    Ox.  ae. 
Sleep,  altof— /Ji»**;    Bufo'    Cadm.  s.^    Cocc;    Coccuk: 

Crat.;    Epiphn;    Homar, ;    Lack.;    Mere,  c.-    MorpU.; 

Op,;     PicT-   ac     Sclcp.:     Sp&Hg,r     Strain.;     S\lt.; 

Syph.;    Thaap.i    Val. 
SmoIclnCi  from — Bor. ;    Can.  ind.;    Ctc.;    Cocc*:     Gth; 

Ign;     Lob.   infl  ■      tVMjc   v-:     Puis.;     Spig.;     SpotiK.: 

8ue«Bliis.    from  - --Wj(.;     Bry.:     Kali    c;     Phns.;     Sm;., 

Wrtafc,      SfG  Jar. 

Snow  meltlns,  from— Cak.  p. 

Snow  itonn,  from  -  C on.:    Formica;    Merc^    Sep.:    Un 

Soil twlep  from     S tra m .     S«e  F ea rs  (Mind). 

Soup,  from— Kali  c,     See  Fats. 

Bplcoir  from — Nux  v.;    Phos. 

Spring,  In — Are,  br.i     Aur, ;    Crut.;     Dulc;     Kali  hich.; 

Laeh.;     N(tt.   m.;     Nat.  s.;     Nit.  *p,   d.j     Rhu«  I.; 

.S'arjT. 
Btaodln^p  from   -Coii.i    Cyd.;  LiLt.;   Plat.;  *5m^;   Val 
Stimulants,  from — Ant,  c:    Fluor,  ac:    Glon.:     Led., 

Kaja:     A'mjt  t'.;    Zinc.  «*. 
Stoopln^i  f rom  •  .^ic./    Am.  c. ;    fJry.:    Calc,  c;    GlDn.. 

Lyssin:     Mere-.;     Ran.  b.;    Spig.;    5tiL;    V&l. 
itralnlnffr  or«rllftlns,  from— Arn.;    Carbo  an,;     Hhu* 

r;    Ruta. 
Bun.  from  -  .1  nt.  c;    BwiL ;    B  ry . ;   G  ek . ;    Ghn. :    Lach , ; 

Lynsin,      Nat,   c,;     Nat.    m.;     Puli.      Sec    Weather, 

Hot. 
8w&llOWlnf,  from— Apis;     BwlL;    Brom,;     Bry.;     Hsp,; 

Hytia.;    Lack.;    Merc.  i.  fl.;    Mere  i.  r.;    Mtre,;   Nit. 

ac;    Stram.;    Sul.     See  Dysphagia  (ThrQAt)^ 
lwe*tlnc*   from— Ant.   t^^     Chin,  s.;     Hap.;     Were,   is,; 

M^rc.  »,;    PhcH,  ac;    Sep.;    Stfam.   ^         > '■■■ 

flwoitii  from-.4»*r   r.;    Art^    »..     Ign,;     tyt.;    San«,. 

Zinc  m. 
3^JJrfziir»    from — Am  bra:      j\na.c.,       Vtt-    w  ;     'C^^&^vb 


I098  REPERTORY 

Can.  s.;  Chinls.;  Cocc;  Mag.  m.;  Mang.  ac.;  Ntt. 
c;  Nat.  m.;  Phos.  ac;  Rhus  t.;  StUn.;  Stann.: 
Sul.;    Vcrbasc. 

Tea,  from — Cinch.;    Diosc;    Selen.;    Thuya. 

ThlTiklTig  of  symptoms,  from — Bar.  c;  CdU.  p.;  Gels.: 
Melon. :  Med.;  Nux  v.;  Ox.  ac;  Oxytr.;  Pip.  m.. 
Sabad.;    Staph. 

Thunder  itorm,  before,  durtns — Agar.;  Gels.;  Meli.; 
Nat.  c;    Pctroh;    Phot.;    Psor.;    Rhod.;   Sep.;   Sil. 

Tobacco  imoke,  from — Aeon.;  Cic;  Ign.  See  Smok- 
ing. 

Touch  from — Aeon.;  ApU;  Arn.;  Bell.;  Bry.;  Caps.: 
Cham.;  Cic.;  Cinch.;  Coec.;  Colch.;  Col.;  Com- 
mocl.;  Cupr.  ae.;  Cnpr.  m.;  Buphorb.  d.;  Euph- 
ras.;  Fcrr.  p.;  Helon.;  Hep.;  Hyos.;  Lach.;  Lye: 
Mag.  p.;  Mez.;  Murex;  Nit.  ac.;  Nux  v.;  Ox.  ac: 
Plumb,  m.;  Ran.  b.;  Rhod.;  Rhtas  t.;  Sab.: 
Sang.;  Sep.;  Sil.;  Spig.;  Staph.;  Strych.;  Sul.: 
Tar.  h.;   Tellur.;    Ther.;   Urt.;   Zinc.  m. 

TravelUnc:,  from— Coca;   Plat. 

Twilight,  to  daylight— Aur.;    Merc;    Phyt.;    Sypk. 

Uncovering,  from — Are.;  Benz.  ac;  Caps.;  Dros.: 
Helleb.;  Hep.;  Kali  bich.;  Mag.  p.;  Nux  v.: 
Rheum;     Rhus  t.;    Rumex;    Samb.;    Sil.;    Stront. 

Vacctnation,  alter— Thuya. 

Veal,  from — Ipec;    Kali  n. 

Vital  drains,  from— Calc.  c;  Calc.  p.;  Carbo  v: 
Cinch.;  Con.;  Kali  c;  Kali  p.;  Nux  v.;  Phos.: 
Phos.  ac;    Puis.;    Selen.;    Sep.;    Staph. 

Voice  using,  from — Arg.  m.;  Carbo  v.;  Drot.;  Maiig 
ac;    Nux  v.;     Phos.;    Selen.;    Stann.;    Wyeth. 

Vomiting,  from — Ant.  t.;  Ars.;  Cupr.  m.;  Ipec;  Nux 
v.;    Puis.;    Sil. 

Warmth,  heat,  from— Aeon.;  ^th.;  Agar.;  Anac . 
Ant.  c;  Ant.  t.;  Apis;  Bry.;  Calc.  c;  Cepa: 
Cham.;  Cinch.;  Clem.;  Commocl.;  Dros.;  Euph- 
ras.;  Ferr.  m.;  Glon.;  Guaiac;  Hyos.;  Ign. 
lod.;  Kali  m.;  Lach.;  Led.;  Lye;  Med.;  Merc 
Nat.  m.;  Op.;  Puis.;  Sab.;  Sec;  Sul.  ac;  Sul  ; 
Tab.      See  Weather.  Hot. 

Warmth  of  bed,  from— Alum.;  Apis;  Calc.  c;  Cham- 
Clem.:  Dros.;  Led.;  Mag.  c;  Merc;  Mez.t  Pnh 
Sab.;    Sec;    Sul.;    Thuya;    Viscum  alb. 

WsLshlng,  water,  from— Aw.  c;    Am.  c;    Are.  ioH 


I 


MODALITIES 


I039 


Bar.  c;     BelL;     Calc.  c;    Canth.;    Cham.;    Clem.; 

Ferr,  m.;     M$f£.;    Me?.;     Nat.  t.;    Nit.  ac;    Rhuji 

t,;    S*p.;    Sil.;    Spie;    5wJ.;    Urt. 
WUarr  dnnks   cold,   from — Ant.   c;     Ar*.,-    Calc.   c: 

CaHik.;      Clem.;     Cqcc.t      Cr4«.     r;     Cycl.;      Droa.; 

Ferr.  m.i     Lob.  infl.;     Lye;     i?A«*  (.;  S&b»d.;    Sul. 
Water^drlnkiwajin.  from— Bry.:   Latft.;  Phos.:    P«i*, 

Sep 
Water,  leeluc  or  he&rlng,  from— Lyssin, 
Wat er*  workine  in — Ca k.  c;   Mag .  p . 
WeitHer  ohAn^ei.  ttmn—Am.  s.:    Calc.  q.,    Cale.   fl,; 

Cfl/c.  ^.;    Chel.;    DuU.;    Mag.  c;    Marc;     Nu^  m.; 

PhoB.;     Psor.:     Ran.  b.:     Rhod.:     Rhus  t.;    Sticta; 

Sul.      See  Dampn^s. 
We&tber  changes,  In  spring— Ant.  t.;    Kali  s,;    Nat.  s. 
W eiiUi«r ,  dry,  cold,  from — Agar. :   Al mn . ;   As ar. ;    Aur. ; 

Caust,;      Dulc  1       Kali   c,;     Nil.    sp.    d.;      Nux     v.; 

Petrol.;    Rhus  t. ;     Vis  cum  alb,     See  Air,  Cold- 
Wifttllor,llOt^^th.^    Aloe:^Kl.  c;    B§U.;    Bot.;    Bry.; 

Cfoch;    Crot.;    Crot*  t.;     Gtth;    Gl^n.;    Kali  bich.; 

Nat.  £.;     Nat.  m.;    Nit.  ac.;     Phos.:     Pod.;    Puis.; 

Sab.;    Selen.-    SypK-      See  Sun. 
Weather,    itormy,   from— Nux    m.:     Ran.    b.;    Rhod.; 

Rhus  u 
Weatherp  wlndF*  dnr»  fiom — Aeon.;    Arum  tr, ;  Cham-; 

N^p.;    Lye;     Nux  v.;    Phoii.;     Puis.;     Rkod* 
Wefttber,  windy,  molit,  from — Buphras. ;  Ipec. ;  Nux  ui. 
Weeping,  from— Cham.;     Nat,  m.;   Puis.;    Stp.:   Stann. 
Wet  applications,  from — Am.  c.:     Attt.  c,;    Calc.  c,i 

Ciem.;   Crot.;    Merc:    Rhus  t.:    SuL     See  Waahiag, 
Wet  expoture,  from— Ant.  c:    Apis;    Caic.  c;    Dmh.; 

Meli.;     Merc;    Phyt.;    Pier,  at.;    Rati,  b.:     Rkut  i.; 

Ruta;    Sep.      See  Dampness. 
Wet  leet^  from— Calc,  c;    Cepa;    Puis.;    RhuM  t.;    S'U, 
Wine,  from — Aium.;    Ant.  o.;    Arn.;     Art.;    Car  bo  v.; 

Con.;    Lye;     Nux  v.;   Op.;    Ran.  b.:   Sil.;    Zinc,  m 
Yawning,  Irwn— Cina;    ign.;    Kreoa.;     Nmm:  t?.;  Rhua  t,; 

Siirs. 
AMELIOBATIOKB- AcldB,  from--PteL;    Sang. 

Air,  eool»opeiiln^4ccf?i..'    Mth.;   Aloe;    Alum.;   Amyt; 

Ant,    c.;     A  pig;     Arg.    n.;     Asaf.;     Bar,    ci     Bry*; 

Bufo;   Can.ind.;    Ctpa;    Cinch.;    Clem.;    Commoel. 

Crttt,;    Croc;    Dig.;    Dvosc;    Btw./,    t^^Afc^-V  ^'«^'' 
Geli.:     Glon,;      Ka\x  i<>d.:     KaU  %a    ^^-^ 


1 


T030 


REPERTORY 


Merc; 


Sec 


SpiK. 


Lye.;     Mag.   c;     Mag.    tn.;     Merc.    L    r-i     Mosch.; 

Naja;     Nat.  nu:    OL  an.:    Pho9.;    Picn  act    PmIi.; 

5afra^.;    Sab.;    Sep.;    Sul.;    Tofi.;    Tar.  li.;    Vib.  op. 

See  Warmth  (Aggravation). 
Air,  cool,  muit  have  window*  open— Amyl;   Arg.  m„ 

Calc.  c  ;    Lacb  ;     Pa^jf.;    SuL      See   Asthma   (Respi- 
ratory System). 
Alr^    wmnn,    from— Canst.;      Led.;     Msr.    c; 

Petrol.      See  Warmth. 
Batblngi   frcMn— Aeon.:     Apis^     Ars,:     -4 jar,; 

Eiiphras.;    Puh.t   Spig 
Ba  thing  p  cold,  tnJm—Bu.!o;    Me  ph.;    Nat.  m. 
B&thlii^  .warm,  from— Btifo;   StforU,;   Thea. 
Bending,  double,  from — Cinch.;     Col.;      Mai?. 

Pressure 
Bending  forward,  from—  Gels.;    Kali  c, 
BorLnff  lnto»  noie^  can,  from — Nat.  q. ; 
BreaJcfait,  afier- Staph.     See  Eating. 
OarryiBfi,  from— Ant.  t.;    Cham. 
Che  wins,  from — Bry.;    Ctipn  ae. 
COfleei  from— Euphrgs. 
Gold,   from- Bor.;     Bry.;     Cepa:     lod 

Ono5m*;    Phoa.;    Sfc. 
Cold     applications,     waiblnff,     from, — Alum. 

Asar. :    Kali  m. ;     Puis.      See  Bathing. 
Cold  water,  from- Agar,  em,;    Bry.,    Can.  itid 

Cupr.  m.:    Led,:     Fhi?s.t    Pier,  ac;     Puh 
color i,  objeotf,  bright,  from— Stram.;    T&r,  h. 
Combing  hair,  from— Formica. 
Ooini>any,  from — .^th.;    Stram. 
OotiBolatloii,  from— Puis,  ^ 

Gonveraatloni  from^Eup.  perf. 
Couglilng,  from — Stann.      See  Respiratory  System* 
Coyerliig  light,  from- Sec. 

Dark,  from    -Con.;    Eupkrai.^    Graph.;    Phos.;    Smtg. 
Day,  during — Kalic;    Syph.     See  ARgravatioiiB. 
DeBCendlng^  from— Spang. 
DlflchaTgei,    appearancoB    of,    from^LarJIt.;    Moach.; 

Stann,:    ^inc-  w. 
Drawing  limb  up,  from — Sep.;    Sul.;    Thuya. 
DMnlEi,   warm,   from^-Ars.;     Lye;   Nux    v.;     Sabad.; 

Spongr     See  VfaTm. 
Ea,tme,    from— Alum.;     Anac,    C^^/,    CVtt\-.    ^\m.. 
Hep.:    Homarr,    Ign^;    lod,;     KaU  v  '  ^'^^'^ '   "^^^^ 


Ltd.:     L-yc  ; 


Sep 


I 


UOLULITIbS 


ZuiC    m-  .  rf/ 

EructotiWM,  from  Ant.  I, :  Are.  ti.;  Bry.;  rarttf  v.; 
^  Dio*c.;      C^raf*!.;     I|?n.;      Knli  f  ;     Lye;     Mux    v.; 

f  or  nn  :    Sanfi. 

EVflUto^i*  lli--Bor       Lobint!  ,     Niccot.;     Nux  v. 

EiEcitement  pl^aiuTmbl«,  from — K&ti  p. 

Exeroll©  frtil»--A!tinien;     Hroni  ;    Pliimtj.  m.;     Hkuit  t.: 

£Kp«etontfon,    from— Am,     x,\      Heji.;      5fAKft       See 

R  es  pi  ra  t  at  y  S  ys  t e  m. 
Fanned  betn^,  from-  Arg.  n, .    CTaf&ti  if. ;   Laeh. :    Med . 
Pnitlng*  from-  Cham.:    Con  ;     N^l,  m. 
Feet  In  Ice  water,  fwrta— L«d- ;   Sec. 
Food  coMr  from^^Lye.;    Sfl, 

Food  w&rm«  from— K reus  :    Ly^c      S«  AKflfraviiliom. 
Forenoon,  ln--UI    t. 

H  ©*d  ben  t  backward,  f  rom      H  y  r^er . :    Sent*  a 
Sead  bent  forward  wbile  tyliic,  from-'C^jl 
Hoad  eleTated,  from— Ars.;    G^b 
Heat,  from-     1r^  ,    tap^.;    Gymnodl;    XerophyL      See 

Warmth. 
Ice  boldlnff  In  mouth,  from  — Coif. 
Xnipiration,  from— Colch.:    Ian.:    ^pi^ 
Lemoimde»  from—  Cyd. 
Ljlnff  down^  from-  Aeon.;    Aahal.;    Arn.,    Bet) 

a  nl  af  i ,,     C  a  I  c.  € . :     C  o  ff . ;     Cflch , ;     Perr.   m  ►  *     Ma  n  !■ 

Uf.,'     Xitt,  m,;    Ntix  v.;    Oitosni.;     Pjcr,  ac;    Puta,, 

S/dHH.;    Strych. 
I^lOff  on  left  tide»  from- Xi^n.;    Nat.  m,;    Statin.     See 

Aggrjivatioiis. 
I^lziff  on  painful  ildc,   from— Am.   c;     Am.*     firy. 

Calc    e.^      CM..     Cupr,    ac*;     Puis 

Pressure^ 
hylag.  on  Tfcbt  tide,  from 

AKit;rjiva*.ions. 

torlne  on   itomAch.  from 

\Uil.:     I\>d  ■     Tab. 

l^lns  with  head  hlcb,  from— Spi^. 
tytiig  with  head  low,  from— Am.:    Sjirmj^. 
Mentei  between      Bel]..    |}ov.;    Elapfi;    Ham 
MeniCi  durlnc- CvL-l.;     Lit^rk.; 
Sexual  Systam. 

Mmimi  oootipatlcm,  from- 


1032 


RfiPERTORY 


b 


Mldnl£]it,  &ft«r— Lye.     See  Night. 

Mldnlsht  until  no<m,  from— Pub. 

Montlligii  In— JuffL  c;    Still.;    XcrophyL 

Motloni  frcKPi — Alum,;  Asaf.;  Aur.;  BelL;  Srom,; 
Caps.;  Coccus;  CommocL;  Con,;  Cycl.;  Dio&c] 
Duk.;  Euphorb.:  f>rr,  m,;  Fluor,  ac*:  Gels.; 
Rtlon.;  Homar,:  Indigo;  Iris;  Kali  c;  Kaliigd.; 
Kali  p,;  Kreas,;  Lith.  t.;  Lob.  in6.;  Lye;  Mqj^^ 
c;  Mag,  m.;  Magiiol.;  Nat.  c;  Plat.;  Pm/j., 
Pyn;  Rkust.;  Sabad,;  5aiH6.;  Sep,:  Syph.;  Fai.- 
Vfcr.  a.;    Xeiophyl. 

Moutb  coreredi  trom — Rumex, 

MUBlc,  from— Tar.  h. 

Nlg^ht,  at — Cupr.  ac. 

Oil  appllcatlenii  from- Euphorb.  d. 

Position  ahange  of,  from- /j?m..     Nat,  a.^     PhoB.  a6.; 

Rhus  t.;    Val.;    Zinc.  m. 
Position  hands  and  feet — Kup.  perf. 
Position  semi -ere  at,  from- Ant.  t,:    Apis^    Bell.    Sep 

Rest. 
Pressure   from.— -Arg,   n.;     Bor,;     Bry.;    Caps,;    CheL; 

Cinch.;     Cot.;     Con.;     Cupr,    ac;     Dioac;     Drofl.; 

Formica;    Guavac;    Ign.;   Indigo;    LiLt,;    Mag,  m.; 

Mag,  p.;    Menyanth.;    Nat.  c,;     Nat.  ».;     Nujt  y,; 

Pier,  ac;     Plumb,  m.;    Puis,;    Sap,;    Sil.;    Siann.: 

Stram.;    Ver  a. 
Putting  feet  on  cliair,  from.  -Con, 
Kest,  from— ^bc;    Ant.  tj.;    Bry,;   Cadm.  s.;    Can.  ind.; 

Calch.;     Crat. :      Gymnocl,;      Merc,    c;      N*t%    11.; 

Staph.;    Vib.  op, 
aidlnc  tn  carrla£e»  from— Nit,  ac. 
Al sing*  from — .^mc;    .4rj,;    Calc   0.:    Lith.  c;    Satnbrt 

Rocking,  from — ^Cina:    Kali  c. 

fioom  close*  in — Euphorb.  d.     See  Warmth. 

Rubbing p  from- Calc.  c.i    Camh.;    Carb,  ac;    Formica; 

Indii^u;    Mag.  p.;    Nat.  c;    01.  an.;    Phos.;    Pltimb. 

m.;    Rhus  t, ;    Sec;     Tar,  k, 
Soratehingi  from^Asaf.,     Caic,  r.;  -Com mod.;    Cyd.; 

JitgLc;    Mur.  Bc;    Nat.  c;    Phos.;    Sul. 
Seashore^  at — Med, 
ShtLWiag,  after— Etom. 
Blpptnf^  wftter*  trom^lta\\  la. 
Bitting  up  In  Ded,  trom.— K»i\  t.\  'amtQ>Q^ 


I  MODALITIES  *  IO33 

Sleepi  fjom— Calad.;     Colch.;     Merc.;     My«.;     Nux  v.; 

PI10S-;    Sang.;   Sep, 
amoklns^  from— Aran, ;    Tar.  c. 
Standing  erect,  frmxi—DiQic.:    KbU  p. 
Stlfaiilants,  from— Gels. t   Glon 
Stonxi,  alter— R hod 
a  tret  chine  llmbt,  from— Rhus  t. ;    Sec. 
Sumnier,  during— C ale.  p.     See  Warmth, 
Sweat,  from— Aeon,;    Caladn;    Cham.:    Cupr,  m.;    Rhua 

I.;      IVr.  a       See  Fever. 
Thinking  of  STmptonLB,  from  —  Ca  m pk  ;    U eUe b, 
Touob,  from- Asaf-T    Cakc;    Cycl  ;    Mur,  ac;    Tarax.; 
I  TUuyji. 

I    ITneoverliis,  from— Apis;     Lye;    Onoam.;     Swc;     Tab 
See  Afigravntions. 
UrU&atlon,  from  —  G^h . ,    1  g  n . ;     Phot,  ac . ;    S  iL 
WumttLF  heat,  from— .^f«.r     Bry.;     Cak.   H.;     Cauiit.: 
Cim.;    Coral.;     Cupr,  ac/;     CycL;     Dulc,     Formica; 
,  H0p.^     lea.;      Kali    bich.;      Kali    p,;     Lach.;      Lob. 

i  infl.;    Lye;    Mag.  p.;    Nux  m.;    Nujc  v.:    Phos.  ac; 

r  Rhod,;     Rhus    t.:      i?Mfnr.ir,     Sabad.;     Sep,;     SiL; 

r  SdUrt.    lye.;      Staph-;      St  ram,;      SuL    ac;      Tb«a; 

•  Ver.  a. 

Wannthi  heat  of,  aitplleatlona,  from — C&lc.  fl.;    Lack.; 

Rhus  t.;    Sep, 
WAfmtb  Of  head,  from— Bell.;     Graph.;     Hfp.;    Psor; 

Water,  cold,   from  —  iifrjk'. :    Canst.;     Jatkf&ffka;    Phoa.; 

Sep. 
W ea ther,  damp,  we t  In—  Al u m , ;    A*»r* ;    C*i n ** . ;    Htp.; 

Med,;    Nux  v. 
Weathen  daoup*  warm  In-  Cham.;    Kali  c. 
Weather,  dry— -Aui.    c;     Calc.    cr.     Kali   e.;     MagDoL, 

5 1  ill.      See  AKeravations 

weather,  dry,  warm^  from— c-ok.  p  :  Nat  *  ;  Mujt  m  ; 

RhtLi  t.:    Sul.      See  Summer 
Winter,  durlhc-^Ilex, 


•       ^^^ 


-1*0 


LIST  OF  REMEDIES 


LIST  OF  REMEDIES 


1038 


LIST    OF    REMEDIES 


PAGB 
Antimonium  crudum.  ...  S3 
Antimonium  iodatiim.. .  .  ss 
Antimon.  muriaticum.  .  .     S3 

Antimon.  sulph.  aur 56  , 

Antimon.  tartaricum.  ...     56 

Antipyrine 58 

Antitoxin 256 

Aphis  chenopodii 189 

Apiol soo  : 

Apis  mellifica 59   : 

Apium  graveolens 63   I 

Apium  virus 63 

Apocynum  andros 63   | 

Apocynum  canab 64  j 

Apomorphia 65   1 

Aqua  calcar 145   t 

Aqua  marina 456  i 

Aquilegia 66  I 

Aralia  hispida 65   j 

Aralia  quinquefol 303   \ 

Aralia  racemosa 66 

Aranea  diadema 67   I 

Aranea  scinencia 68   i 

Arborin 641 

Arbutin 654   1 

Arbutus 68 

Arctium  lai)pa 390 

Argentum  cyanatum.  ...      73 

Argentum  iodatum 73 

Argentum  metallicum.  .  .      68 

Argentum  nitricum 70 

Argilla  pura 32 

Aristolochia 73,  201 

Armoracia 219 

Arnica 73 

Arsenicum  album 76 

Arsenicum  bromatum ...      81 
Arsen.  hydrogenisatum.  .      81 

Arsenicum  iodatum 81    ' 

Arsenicum  metallicum..  .     83 
Arsenicum  sulph.  ttav  . .  .     "^a 

Artemisia ^^ 

Arum  dracontium ^^<^ 


PAGE 

Arum  triphyllum 85 

Arundo  donax 589 

Arundomaur M 

Asi^oetida.-. 87 

Asarum 8S 

Asclepias  syriaca 90 

Asclepias  tuberosa 90 

Asimina 91 

Asparagus 91 

Asperula 584 

Aspidosperxna 9a 

Astacus 93 

Asterias 93 

Astragalus 490 

Athamanta 94 

Atropia 113 

Aunun  arsenicum 97 

Aurura  bromatum 97 

Aurum  iodatum 97 

Aurum  metallicum 94 

Aurum  muriaticum 97 

Aurum  mur.  kali 97 

Aurum  mur.  natron 9" 

Aiu\im  sulphuricum ....    97 

Avena 98 

Aviaire 648 

Avoria 264 

Azadirachta 98 

Bacillinum 98 

Bacillinum  testitmi 99 

Badiaga 99 

Balsamtmi  Peruvian 100 

Baptisia 101 

Baptisia  confusa 103 

Barosma 103 

Baryta  acetica 104 

Baryta  carbonica 104 

Baryta  iodata 107 

Baryta  muriatica 107 

'ft^^a.douua 108 

'ftfeWvi 113 

^eivrvrvvvccv wv 


LIST    OP    ILEMEDfES 


1030 


PAGS 

iitrkum 114 

Iricum. 114 

id....  .,,.,..  IIS 
auifotium..  -  -  - 

pi.  .,.....,. , 

^cana.  ^  *  ,.  . 
^tatifi.  ..,.., 
fetfi.  ,......, 

Siua 

BU1US. , 

\>    ,      '     ' 


K 


116 

ISO 
I3t 

93 

?»4 
114 

ia& 

ia7 
uS 
iPj 

^38 


mstic». . , . 


diDgniEi 133 

K* -  '^^ 

;:-^.. .'^^  J3r 

.- '  13? 

........  13a 

x^tica.  ,  ,  .  .  .  - ,  13^ 

»enicu$9.  ,.  .  .  *  140 

LTboTifica,  .  - 1 .  ^  140 


fpophoa. 


145 
146 
ISO 
>4S 
t4S 
MO 
r#5 


PAGK 

C^d^rea  picrata.  .  .  .....  »4,i 

Calearea  renalis ,  -i^i 

CalcareB  »;ilicata,  ,.,,,.,  tjt 

C&lcar^a  silica  Huor.  .  .  _ .  38^ 

Calcarea  sulphuric^ 151 

Calendula.  ....,* *S3 

Calcitropis,  .».<,.  ^  ,,,..  ^  ,  154 

Caltha  palusttis.  .,,,,.  ^ ,  1^5 

Camphors. .........  155 

Camphpra  monobrmn.. . ,  157 

Camphoric  acid-r ,  .  .*  *  ^ , ,  156 

Cancer  fluviatilia. ... q2 

CanchalaguK.  . ,  ,  ....,.,  157 

Cannahiii  Indica  ........  158 

Caimabts  saliva. t6a 

Cantharis. .,,,.,  i6t 

Capsicum.  . J64 

Carbamide .  .  $51 

Carbo  animaliis.  .  . i^^p 

Carbo  vi^etabjlts i6? 

Carbolic:  acid.  .......    .  .  1 3^0 

Carbon.  oxygenisaViiiti .  .  .  17? 

Carbon,  sulphtiratum,  ...  tis 

Qlrduus  benedictus.  .  . . ,  174 

Cardiius  Marianus 173 

Carlsbad.  ......,*.,...  174 

Caiicara  sagrada.  .  _  ....  175 

Cascarilla ..,,...  t7ft 

Ca^tanea  v^ca 176 

C^tor  equi. 176 

Castoreutn.  .  ...........  177 

Caulophyllum, *  177 

Cau&tiiruTn.  - 17® 

Ceanothiiei iSi 

Gedron tS? 

CenttinTca.  .......  .  .  j  <j6 

Cereus  Donplandii 18  :v 

C^reiis  serpen timts ta.^ 

Cerium  oitaKcuiti iSj 

CctrariLA.       . 605 

Chamomttla. **»a 

Cliapam&  amvtK^3aat* '  «^^^ 

ChapArro. ^^'^ 


I040 


LIST   OP   RBMBDIB8 


PAOB 

Chekan 600 

Chciranthus 151,  410 

Chelidonittm 186 

Chdone 190 

Chenopodium 188 

Chenopod.  Aphis 189 

Chimaphila  maculata. .  . .    190 

Chimaphila  umbel 190 

China  off 903 

Chininum  arsenicosum.  . .   191 

Chininum  ferro-cit 191 

Chininum  muriaticum.  . .  191 
Chininum  salicylicum .  . .  193 
Chininum  sulphuricum . .   199 

Chiococca 137 

Chionanthus 193 

Chloralum 194 

Chlorum 194 

Cholas  terrapina 348 

Cholesterinum 195 

Chromic  acid 19s 

Chrysarobiniun 196 

Chrysophanic  acid 196 

Cicuta  virosa 196 

Cimex 198 

Cimicifuga 199 

Cina 201 

Cinchona 203 

Cineraria 206 

Cinnabaris 207 

Cinnamonum 208 

Cistus 208 

Citnis  limonura 210 

Citrus  vulgaris 210 

Clematis  erecta 210 

Clematis  vitalba 211 

Cobaltum 212 

Coca 213 

Cocainum 214 

Coccionella '^'is 

CoccuJus »"iS  ^ 

Coccus  cacti ^^^ 

Cochlearia *^^ 


PAGE 

Codeinum 230 

Coffea  cruda sao 

Coffea  tosta 221 

Colchicum 222 

Colchicin ^23 

Collinsonia ^'*3 

Colocynthis 394 

Colostrum 382 

Comodadia 226 

Conchiolin 151 

Condurango 327 

Conium. 228 

Convallaria 231 

Convulvus 350 

Copaiva 232 

Corallium 234 

Cornus  altemifolia 23s 

Comus  circinata 235 

Cornus  florida 23s 

Corydalis 23s 

Coto 236 

Cotyledon.  . .- 236 

Coumarin 644 

Crataegus 236 

Crocus  sativus.. 237 

Crotalus  cascavella 241 

Crotalus  horridus 739 

Croton  tiglium 241 

Cubeba 243 

Cucurbita 243 

Cucurbita  citrelliss 572 

Culex 244 

Cuphea 244 

Cupnmi  aceticiun 244 

Cupnmi  arsenittun 245 

Cuprtun  cyanatum 248 

Cuprum  metallicum 24^ 

Cupnmi  sulphiuicum ....   248 

Curara 248 

Cyclamen 249 

\   C^'^tv^e^wbSR. 250 

\    C>3^\!v&>a&%s^5vvtTvvcav •^'j 

C^^\,o«ew "»<i'^ 


r 


^ 


LIST    OF    flEMEDlES 


IO4I 


-r-^ 


1  .  ursfl  f  ^  . 


PAGE 

251 

40  J 
60s 

SS4 

54 

353 

3|+ 
3J5 

1156 
«44 

S»7 
»S8 

960 


.  364 

.  166 

.  613 

>,.... 40S 

4 ^.*-..,  So 

Ik-**.  ■-. »*? 

^...^,.,.,.-.  j68 

}.  - -  571 

:>--  -'^--  -  S7S 

^*  ^  t.  „,>...« .  3d9 

^♦*-fi,»  ,<  .  .  .  ^OJ 

^ . ,  fl6i» 

I*  « 489 

-       .  .     ....  510 


PAGE 

Eserine  salityl&tf.  ......  jro 

Eucalyptol 371 

Eucalyptus,. sjc 

Eugenia  jambos^  ..,_,.  372 

Euonywuu ^ a?* 

Enonymus,  ..,.,. 272 

Eupatorium  aromat.  .  .  .  ,  27 j 

Eup^toniun  perfoL  .  .  - .  .  37^1 

Etipatoriuiti  purpitr.  ....  a'j^ 

Euphorbia  amygdal.     ...  278 

Euphorbia  porollata. .  S78 

Euphorbia  heterodoxa.  .  .  278 

Euphorbia  lathy ris.  ...  -  275 

Euphorbia  pilulif«ra 278 

Euj^horbia  pQlycarpa..  , .  .  305 

Euphorbia  r^inilera^^ ...  277 

EuphorbtuiTir  . 371 

Euphrasia.. . 379 

Eupion.  ..  K  .......*.>. .  280 

Fabiacia. ^ .  - S13 

Fagopyrum.  , .  aS  t 

Pagufi.  .  ......... 267 

Fd  tauri. .,..,. ....  a&z 

FCTTum  acetic  um  ...,,.  285 

Femim  arsenicum.  ....  285 

Ferrum  bromatum.  .....  3S5 

Ferrum  cyanatum. ,...,.  ^Bs 

Fernim  ioda,tum. .,...,,  aSo 

Ferrum  magneticun]..  -    .  aSs 

Ferrum  metallicum, .  .  .  ,  ,  3*3 

Ferrum  muriaticum.  ,  .    .  afis 

Ferrum  pemitricum<      ,  .  a86 

Fernim  phospboHcmn. . .  386 

Ferrum  picricuui,  ,*..,,.  288 

Ferrum  pyrophos. xflS 

Ferrum  sulphurieum,  ,  . ,  a8& 

Ferrum  tartancum.  .  .  . .  >  3S6 

Ferula  glauta, ...... 487 

Fieu*, *,....  6\fe 

Filix  m»i& ,  . *^ 

Fluoric  acid  * •  -  *  »'*'''* 

Formalin. -      *^^ 


I 


I042 


LIST   OF    REMEDIES 


PAGE     J 

Formic  acid 649    | 

Formica  nifa 392    | 

Fragaria 293    ; 

Franciscea 293 

Fraxinus 294    : 

Fucus 294 

Gadus  morrhua 480 

(xalega 293 

Galium 294 

(lallic  acid 295    ■ 

Gambogia 295    1 

Gaiiltheria 296 

(ielatin 350 

Gelsemium 296 

Gentiana  cruciata 301    I 

Gentiana  lutea 300 

Geranium 301    j 

Geum 328    I 

Ginseng 302    '. 

Glanderine 326 

( rlonoine 302 

(inaphalium 304 

Golondrina 305    | 

(rossypium 305    1 

( rranatum 306    i 

(iraphites 307 

( rratiola 310    , 

(xrindelia 310 

( >uaco 311 

(Vuaiacol 313,  380 

(juaiacum 312    ■ 

Giiao 226 

( i  uarana 496    | 

'  luarea 313 

Gummi  Kutti 295    j 

( rvmnenna 305 

( 'vmnocladus 314    i 

///t-niatuxylon 3"i^^  \ 

llamamelis S'^S 

H-cdeoma ^^^ 

//edysarum ^^' 


PAGE 

Hekla  lava 317 

Helianthtis 319 

Heliotropium 453 

Helix  tosta 438 

Hellebonis  foetidus 319 

Helleborus  niger 317 

Helleborus  orien talis.  .  . .  319 

Heloderma 320 

Helonias 321 

Hepar  svilphuris 322 

Hepatica 326 

Heracleum 126.  145 

Hippomane,  [Mancinella]    415 

Hippomanes 326 

Hippozaeninum 326 

Hoang-Nan 331 

Homarus 327 

Humtilus  lupulus 402 

Hura 331 

Hydrangea 328 

Hydrastinum  mur 330 

Hydrastininum 330 

Hydrastis 3«8 

Hydrocotyle 33  t 

Hydrocyanic  acid 331 

Hydrofluoric  acid 289 

Hydrophobinum 332 

Hydrophyllum 280 

Hyniosa 305 

Hyoscyamus 333 

Hyoscin  hydrobrom 335 

Hypericum 336 

Iberis 337 

Ichthyolum 338 

Ictodes 537 

Ignatia 33Q 

Ilex 341 

lUicum 341 

\tV^\^Vi 342 

\w^\\m\ \,i,'j, 

\   \xvv\aL ■si.N 

\      \o^C>lo«tV\VK^ "SNV 


1 


U3T    OF    RBM£mES 


1043 


PAOE 

lodothyrtufc  ,  ^  *,,...,. ,  649 

[oduKi.  , , , .  ^ .  . . , 34s 

Ipecacu&iihA.  . .  .  ^ ^ . .  34^ 

Ipcunoea- -,.,..-,,,.  ^,  i  ittj 

Iridmm.  . ,.,.,,,,.  350 

Im  fai:ttEsima.  ^ ^ja 

Irifi  florentinfi.  ,  .  ,  .,-,,-  ss« 

Iris  germanica.  , ,  jsa 

Irifi  ntlnar ^ . .  —  .  15a 

lri£  teiiax. ,.  ,^  ..,,..„. .  j^js 

Iria  vfiraicolor*  .— i  ...  ^  . .  .  ;;{So 

jAborandi.  , , ^1 15 

Jacaranda  carigba  ^ .  .  ,  . . ,  35^ 

JfLcaninda  gualandai.  ...  352 

Jajcea  {Viola   iricolor)      .  665    j 

jElapan  .._.,._,.,..,.  ,153 

J&trapha  ciirtais..  .......  3^.:^ 

Jatit>pha  urcnfi 354 

Jequirity^. 354 

jDhlmbin.  .  .  , , ,  67  a 

Juglacs  cirtoren.  .. . , 354 

Julians  resria ..,..,  355 

Juncus  effui^us.  ....  x ... .  356 

JtuiilTeniR  commtinis .  336 

Juniperus  VtrxiniaTius-     .  356 

jufitkia.  ...--_-*...  _.  5G7 

Kalai^uaH  ,....,,.,,.,.,  649 

Kali  aiceticuni ..........  3^5 

Kali  arsemtufn.  ........  3^7 

KsXi  bichromictmi,  .  h  . .  ,  ,  357 

Kali  brottiatum. .... 360 

Kali  cart»>nictim,  ,....,.  3*3 

Kali  chloricum.  ,  *  ,  ,  * .  . ,  366 

Kali  citritiuin. 365 

Kali  cyanatiitm. 366 

Kali  ferrDcyflfiAtum,  ,  ,  .  .  365 

Kali  hydroioditmro  4 .  * .    .  3^7 

Kali  iodatum ...,,.  367 

Kali  muriaticum.  ^  .  . . , , .  j(SS 

Xfl//  fiitricum. ...... .  371 

Ksli  o.TsIicum.  , , j6s 


PAG£ 

Kali  pcmian^anufn  .      .  .  373 

Kali  plio3phoricum 3.73 

Kali  picricmn. .  j6s 

Kali  saltcrylicum 365 

Kali  silicum 365 

Kali  sulphuratum.  .....  365 

Kali  siilpharicuiti. 375 

Kali  tartaricum^  ►,..,,,►  3*1^5 

Kali  telluricum.  ,,.,*.  ^.^^  a6j 

Kalmia ^ .  « . .  <  ,    ^  174 

Kaolinum *....,.*.  BfB 

Kawa-Kawa. 317 

Kino a66,  3  70 

Koch's  lymph.  .  .*.. .  .  —.  J&4S 

Kola.  .  .,..,...,  „.i*..  fio^ 

Kreosotum.  .,,....,...  378 

Laburnum.  . jtto 

Lac  catiinum ,..,<,.  jS^t 

Lac  defloratum,  ,.,....,    gSa 
La£  feliimni    ...........    1%^ 

Lac  vaccinum. , ,  ,   jSfl 

L«c  vacc.  pQai^ulattim.  .  .    3® a 

l^ac  vact.  flos ,  ,    sfta 

Lacerta,  ,,...,  ,..»..  .\.  ^   jSij 

Lachesis , , . .  .l^  . ,  i  v  tH 

Lachnant««.  . ..,...,   3S7 

I^actic  acid.  , ,    . .   387 

Lactuca  virosa^  ^ ,.,,...  ,   38S 

Lamiimi. ,  389 

Lapathum.  .  .  .,.......,    584 

Lapis  aibu*,  . .  ^  » ......  *v38i<j 

Lappa.  . . .  xi , , . ,  ,>,x  3«)o 

Lathynis, , .  .  jije 

Latrodectua,  . , 39 1 

LaurucerasUiS ...........   jq  t 

Lava  seuriac.  .........   317 

Ledum.  .  , ,.,.,.   39* 

Lemua  minor.  + 1  ,*.,... ,   394 
Leonums;  .........    .  .  ,   jn 

Lepidmm.  .    ^^s  i*i^ 

LepUndm. .  .  * , -  -  -  V*^ 


^hm^-^ 


AM'^^^ 


AO   Te>-^' 


LIST    OF    REMEDIES 


PAOB 

PAGE 

ideiuiv  ...... 

1 

Alumen,  , , 

3! 

t;;::::::: 

a 

AtviTninji  *  y 

j7 

3 

Amanita  (agaricus). ... 

18 

ii 

4 

Ambra  grisea. 

^5 

.  +  f  . 

3 

Ambrosia.  ,  .  .  . 

M 

I 

6 

Ammotiiacum 

17 

.    4S8 

Ammonium  acetictim  . 

7 

II 

Ammonium  benxoicumn .  . 

lB 

fcrox.  *  , 

1 1 

AmmoTiium  bromatum^  . . 

38 

tycotontim .  ,  . 

ft 

A  f  n  m  on  turn,  car boiiitum . . , 

39 

niapeUus 

a 

Ammonium  cauatkum . , , 

41 

SQIPBA 

199 

Ammon.  formaldehyde^  ^  ^ 

zgi 

»tR 

19 

Ammun.  muriaticum,  ,  ,  ., 

4a 

*  4  .  .  . 

U 

Ammon  H  phosphoricum,  .. 

44 

tiaiis 

1  1 

Ammon ium pic ra turn.  .  .. 

44 

,  > 

13 

Ammonium  valerian.   655, 

6^6 

I»bra 

IS 

Ammonium  vsnadinieum 

S'^ 

ippocastan.  . 

M 

Ampelopsis.  .  .        .  .    .6q, 

547 

ifi 

Amphisbffna.  .  ,  ,          jS6. 

S69 

16 

AmysdaL  am  am 

4S 

ktieticu£ 

a  1 

Amytrdalis.  .  . , 
Amyl  nitmsum  

4S 

duscarius, .    . 

t8 

A$ 

jhalloides 

31 

Anacardium  occidenl 

49 

iric™ 

aa 

Anaqardium  orient 

46 

tui 

za 

Anagallis.  .  .  . 

49 

J.^.,. 

33 

Anatherum. 

49 

■  * . 

<yo 

Aingpphora.  . 

55 

jj 

Angustura.  .  . 

f«» 

^i 

Anhalo  Ilium    - 

50 

iphurts,  .  . 

17a 

Anllinum.  .  .  - 

5i 

,  1  .  .  . 

»4 

Anisum  srtcllatum 

341 

», .. 

.,^ 

AnthemiB 

5> 

[VtUII. 

i6 

Anthracinum 

S4 

"hi   •    ♦ 

0 

AnthrakokaU.     . 

SS 

,  1  , 

jS 

Antimonium  at^tm^utu. 

%' 

« i  i  . .     .  . 

.1<5 

AntimonAUTn  cWLoT\d>«n 

4 


1046 


LiST   OF    RBMSDIES 


PAGB 

Oxy tropis 490 

Ozonum 584 

Paeonia 49 1 

Palladium 493 

Pancreatinum 352 

Papaw 91 

Papaya 494 

ParaflRne 493 

Pareira   brava 494 

Paris  q'oadrifolia 495 

Parthenium 496 

Passiflora 496 

Paullinia 496 

Pecten 66 

Pediculus 497 

Penthonun 497 

Petroleum 498 

Petroselinum 500 

Phaseolus 500 

Phellandriiun 501 

Fhenazone 58    : 

Phenol 170 

Phloridzin 65 1    I 

Phosphoric  acid 502    j 

Phosphorus 504    ; 

Phosphorus  hydrogen. ...  509 

Physalia 420 

Physostigma 509 

Phytolacca 511    , 

Phytolacca  berry 513 

I^ichi 513 

Picric  acid 514 

Picrotoxin 218 

Pilocarpus 515 

Pimenta 538    ' 

Pimpinella 263    | 

Pinus  Lambertina 517 

Pinus  sylvestris 516 

Piper  methysticum. s'^^l   \ 

Piper  nigrum S"*-"! 

Piscidia ^1^ 

PLx  Jiquida S^l 


PAGB 

Plantago 518 

Platanus ao6 

Platina  metallicum si9 

Platina  muriaticum 5*0 

Platina  mur.  nat sw 

Plectranthus 523 

Pltunbago 500 

Pltunbtmi  aceticum s»3 

Pltunbtim  chromicum 523 

Pltunbtun  iodatuxn S'o 

Plumbtmi  metallicum. ...  5>i 
Pltmibtmi  phosphoricum  5*3 
PodophyUum.  ....  S«3 

Polygonimi  aviculare s^S 

Polygonum  persica 5*5 

Polygonum  pxmctatimi.  ..  s»5 

Polymnia 181,  319 

Polyporus 526 

Populus  candicans 5*^ 

Popvilus  tremuloides 526 

Pothos  foetidus 527 

Primula  obconica 5^^ 

Primtila  veris 52" 

Propylamin 528 

Protargol 73 

Prunus  padus 53° 

Prunus  spinosa 5*9 

Primus  Virginiana 53° 

Psorintim 530 

Ptelia 532 

Ptdex  irritans S33 

Pulmo  vulpis 462 

Pulsatilla  nigricans 534 

Pulsatilla  Nuttalliana 53^ 

Pyrogenium ^3^ 

Pyrus 530 

Quassia 540 

Quebracho 9' 

Quercus  gland,  spiritus.  ..  54° 
C;i>xCCcK«j^ 541 

^     ^\«VBL\iV&Q \\i 


LIST   OF   ftEMEDI«S 


1 0^7 


PAGE 

lus  acris 543 

lus  bulbosus.  .  . .  541 

ilus  flammula.  .  .  543 

lus  glacialis 543 

ilus  repens 542 

lus  sceleratus ...  543 

IS 543 

1 544 

552 

s 176 

545 

1 520 

ndron 546 

>matica 547 

rersiloba ssi 

bra 547 

licans S5i 

cicodendron 548 

lenata 55* 

communis 552 

553 

nascena 553 

nus 560 

icetosella 555 

Tispus 554 

iveolens 555 

1 556 

Tulata 558 

559 

m  lactis 561 

an  officinalis.  ...  561 

la 561 

dra 133 

acid 561 

ra 562 

562 

ficinalis 563 

lerata 563 

IS  Canadensis.  .  .  564 

is  nigra 563 

tria 56^ 

rina  nitrica 567 

■ina  tartar 567 


PAGE 

Sanicula 568 

Santalum 833 

Santonintim 56$ 

Saponaria 569 

Saponin 570 

Sarracenia 570 

Sarsaparilla 570 

Saururus 572 

Saw  palmetto 558 

Scirrhinum 231 

Scolopendra 386,  490 

Scoparium 593 

Scorpio 662 

Scrophularia 572 

Scutellaria 573 

Sec&le  comutiidt 573 

Sedum  acre 576 

Sedum  telephicum 576 

Selenium 576 

Sempervivum  tector 577 

Senecio 578 

Senecio  Jacoboea 579 

Senega 579 

Senna 581 

Sepia 581 

Silica  marina 588 

Silicea 585 

Silico-fluor  calcar 389 

Silphion  cyrenaicum 589 

Silphiiun 589 

Sinapis  alba 590 

Sinapis  nigra 589 

Sisyrinchiimi 305 

Skook  urn -chuck 590 

Sl&ff  545 

Solanum  aceticun> 592 

Solanum  Carolinense.  ...  592 

Solanum  lycopersictmi.  .  .  590 

Solanum  mammosum.  ...  592 

Solanum  nigrum v^\ 

Solanum  oVetacewTcv ^'^'»^ 

Solanum  pseudo-caL^*.  •  •  •   ^'^'^ 

Solanum  tub^rosxxm ^'^* 


1048 


LIST   OF   REMEDIES 


PAGE 

Solan  um  tuber,  sgro.  ...  59* 

Solanum  vesicarum 592 

Solidago 59* 

Spartium  scoparivim.  .  . . .  593 

Sphingurus 641 

Spijrelia 593 

Spinca 595 

Spiranthes 595 

Spirit,  gland,  quercus. . .  .  540 

Spongia  tosta 596 

vSquilla 598 

Stannum  iodatum 600 

Stannum  metallicum.  .  .  .  599 

Staphisagria 600 

Stellaria 602 

Sterculia 603 

Sticta  pulmonaria 604 

Stigmata  maydis 605 

Stillingia 60s 

Stovain »i4 

Stramonium 606 

Strontia  brom 609 

Strontia  carb 608 

Strontia  iodatum 609 

Strophantus 609 

Strychninum 610 

Strychnin,  ars 612 

Strychnin,  phos 612 

Strych.  et  Fer.  cit 612 

Strych.  valerian 612 

Strychnos  tiente 650 

Succinum 613 

Sulfonal 613 

Sulphur 614 

Sulphur  hydrogen 618 

Sulphur  iodatum 619 

Sulphur  terebinthin 618 

Sulphuric  acid 619 

Sulphurous  acid 621 

Sumbul (>^t 

Supra-renal  extract ^i 

Symphoricarpus ^^^ 

Symphytum ^*' 


PAGE 

Syphilinum 62a 

Sysygium 624 

Tabactim 625 

Tabasheer 588 

Tamus 21 

Tanacetum 627 

Tannic  acid 618 

Taranttda  Cubensis 627 

Tarantula  Hispania 628 

Taraxacum 629 

Tartaric  acid 630 

Tartar  emetic 56 

Taxus  baccata 630 

Tela  aranea 67 

Telluritmi 630 

Terebinthina 63 1 

Terrapina 248 

Tetradymite. 631 

Teucrium  marum 633 

Teucriiun  scorodonia.  ...   634 

Thallium 634 

Thaspium 635 

Thea 635 

Thcbainum 511 

Thcridion 636 

Thiosinaminum .' .   637 

Thlaspi  bursa 638 

Thuja 638 

Thyroidine 64a 

Tilia  Btiropaea 645 

Tinospora 181 

Titanium 643 

Tongo 644 

Tradescantia 647 

Trifolium  pratense '644 

Trifolium  repens 645 

Trillium  cemuum 646 

Trillium  pendulum 645 

1t\ot\al 614 

tT\o^\.eMTa  ^\\o\ 646 

\  Tt\\.\c\im ^> 

\   tTom\i\6:\vmv ' 


LIST   OP    RBMBDIBS 


1049 


PAGB 

Tropajolum 116 

Trychosanthes 658 

Tuberctdinum 647 

Ttimera 649 

Turpethum 43  s 

Ttissilago  farfara 649 

Tiissilago  fragrans 649 

Tussilago  petasites 649 

Ulmus 665 

Upas  antiaris 650 

Upas  tiente 6sp 

Uranium  nitricum 650 

Urea 65 1 

Uric  acid 651 

Uritim 65 1 

Urotropin 292 

Urtica 65 1 

Usnea 652 

Ustilago 653 

Uva  ursi 653 

Vaccinium  myrtyllus.  .  .  .  646 

Vaccinum 656 

Valeriana 654    j 

Vanadium 65s 

Variolinum 656 

Veratrina 557 

Veratrinum 658 

Veratnmi  album 656 

Veratrum  viride 659 

Verbascum 660 

Verbena 661 


PACK 

Vesicaria 654 

Vespa  crabro 661 

Viburnum  opulus 662 

Viburnum  prunifolium.  .  .  663 

Vinca  minor 663 

Viola  odorata 664 

Viola  tricolor 665 

Vipera 666 

Viscum  album 667 

Wyethia 668 

Xanthoxylum 669 

Xerophyllum 670 

Xiphosura 397 

Yerba  santa 269 

Yohimbinum 672 

Yucca  filamentosa 672 

Zincum  aceticum 676 

Zincum  bromatum 676 

Zinctim  cyanatum 676 

Zincum  metallicum 673 

Zincum  muriaticum 676 

Zincum  oxydatum 676 

Zincum  phosphoricum.  .  .  676 

Zincum  picriciun 676 

Zincum  sulphuricum.  ...  677 

Zincum  valerian 677 

Zingiber. 677 

Zizia  aurea  (Thaspium) .  635 


'^'  .;^ 


LANE  M^^i^^,\v...^-' 


1 


i6 


)6 


Boericke,  W, 

Pocket  manual  of 
homoeopathic  materia 


M 


